Title
Prince Arthur: an allegorical romance. The story from Spenser. In two volumes. ...
Ismene and Ismenias, a novel translated from the French by L. H. Le Moine, ...
Scelta di novelle di Giovanni Boccaccio, fatta dal Dottore Giuseppe Giannini.
Zelia in the desert. From the French. By the lady who translated \adelaide and Theodore\"; and \"anecdotes of Henry IV. of France.\" In three volumes. ..."
Laure, ou lettres de quelques personnes de Suisse. ...
The spanish rogue, or, the life of Guzman de Alfarache. Giving an Exact Account of all his Witty and Unparalel'd Rogueries. In two parts. shall live; he is become agen A new-born Caveat to all living Men; That some whose Candles leading them amiss from his. May mend their ways, by fetching light Entered According to Order.
Galatea a pastoral romance; imitated from Cervantes by M. de Florian. Translated by an officer.
Le beau-Frere suppos<c3><a9>, par Madame D. V...
Female banishment: or, the woman hater. Originally wrote by the Chevalier de Mouhy, ... In two volumes. ...
Cassandra, a romance. In five parts. Written originally in French, and faithfully translated into English, by Sir Charles Cotterell, Master of the Ceremonies to King Charles I. and King Charles II. ...
Cassandra, a romance. In five parts. Written originally in French, and faithfully translated into English, by Sir Charles Cotterell, Master of the Ceremonies to King Charles I. and King Charles II. ...
La constance couron<c3><a9>e, ou les <c3><a9>poux unis par l'amour; histoire nouvelle. Fausta quies nixum virtute coronat amorem. V. Premiere Partie.
The cousins of Schiras. In two volumes. Translated from the French by John Brereton Birch, Esq. ...
Temple de m<c3><a9>moire, ou visions d'un solitaire.
M<c3><a9>moires de Madame la Baronne de Batteville, ou la veuve parfaite. Par Madme. Le Prince de Beaumont.
The confessions of James Baptiste Couteau, citizen of France, written by himself: and translated from the original French, by Robert Jephson, Esq. Illustrated with nine engravings. ...
Histoire amoureuse, de Pierre le long, et de sa tr<c3><a8>s honnor<c3><a9>e dame Blanche Bazu. Ecritte par iceluy. La musique de Mr. Philidor.
The farmer's son of Kent. A tale. In two volumes. ...
The baron of Manstow, a novel. From the German. In two volumes. ...
The phoenix; or, the history of Polyarchus and Argenis. Translated from the Latin, by a lady. In four volumes. ...
L'infortun<c3><a9> Fran<c3><a7>ois, ou les m<c3><a9>moires et aventures du Marquis de Courtanges. Traduits de l'anglois.
The delightful, princely and entertaining history of the gentle-craft: containing many matters of delight; very pleasant to read. Shewing what famous men have been shooe-makers [sic] ... Adorned with pictures suitable to each story.
The delightful, Princely, and entertaining history of the gentle-craft. Containing many matters of delight, very pleasant to read. Shewing what famous men have been shoemakers in old Time, with their Worthy Deeds and Generous Humours. Also demonstrating why it was called the gentle-craft; And how the Proverb first came, A Shoemaker's Son is a Prince Born. To which is added, (what is not in any Book of the like Nature) The Merry Pranks of the Green King of St. Martin's, a Shoemaker so called. Concluding with The Shoemakers Glory: Being a Merry Song in the Praise of Shoemakers. To be sung by them every Year on the 25th of October, being Crispin. Adorned with Pictures suitable to each Story.
Cassandra, a romance. In five parts. Written originally in French, and faithfully translated into English, by Sir Charles Cotterell, Master of the Ceremonies to King Charles I. and King Charles II. ...
Cassandra, a romance. In five parts. Written originally in French, and faithfully translated into English, by Sir Charles Cotterell, Master of the Ceremonies to King Charles I. and King Charles II. ...
Cassandra, a romance. In five parts. Written originally in French, and faithfully translated into English, by Sir Charles Cotterell, Master of the Ceremonies to King Charles I. and King Charles II. ...
Anecdotes de la cour de Fran<c3><a7>ois I. Par Mlle de Lussan. ...
Emma; or, the child of sorrow. A novel. In two volumes. ...
Barham Downs. A novel. In two volumes. By the author of Mount Henneth. ...
The life and adventures of Robinson Crusoe. By Daniel De Foe. ... Embellished with Engravings.
The life and most surprising adventures of Robinson Crusoe, of York, mariner, who lived eight and twenty years in an uninhabited island on the coast of America, near the mouth of the great river Oroonoque. With an account of his deliverance thence, and his after surprising adventures. Also his Vision to the Angelic World.
The life and most surprising adventures of Robinson Crusoe, of York, mariner; who lived eight and twenty years in an uninhabited island on the coast of America, near the mouth of the great river Oroonoque. With an account of his deliverance thence, and his after surprising adventures.
The effects of the passions, or memoirs of Floricourt. From the French. In three volumes. ...
Emily de Varmont; or divorce dictated by necessity; to which are added the amours of Father S<c3><a9>vin. From the French of Louvet, Late President of the National Convention of France, Author of Faublas, &c. In three volumes. ...
The unfortunate happy West Country couple. Or, the entertaining history of Thomas and Sally. shewing How Thomas was by the wicked instigation of a country Justice, falsly accused of a Robbery, for which he was tried, and Transported. Giving an exact account of all the Hardships he suffered whilst abroad; and the strange adventure that brought them together in Spain where after inexpressible Joy, they were in a few days happily married.
The history of the adventures of Joseph Andrews, and his friend Mr. Abraham Adams. Written in Imitation of The Manner of Cervantes, Author of Don Quixote. By Henry Fielding, Esquire. Illustrated with cuts. In two volumes.
The history of the giants. Containing their barbarous treatment of kings, queens, princesses, Ladies, Knights, 'squires, &c. whom they made their Prisoners. An Account of their Castles and inchanted Castles, built by Necro nancers; and of other Castles, which were guarded by them and several wild Monsters. Their Combats and Battles, and how they were slain by Christian Knights; a Description of them, their Deaths, and how these Knights delivered several Kings, Queens, Ladies, &c. from Captivity. With A particular Account of the great Giants, Brandamour and Siradon, who were overcome by Sir Morris, General of King Rimuer's Army. How Sir Thomas Killed the Giant Surandrag, and cut off the Head of the Giant Bombomachides, the Brother of Surandrag. How the Giant Trapsaca, having killed all the Servants of the Princess of Hungary was overcome by Sir Firebrrse, who also killed the Giant and Sorcerer Aldrovandi, who changed himself into a wild Boar, and afterwards into a frightful Dragon, &c. The comical Adventures of valiant John, who, by his Stratagems, killed several Giants. How the Giant Norfandal and his Brother were killed by the Knight of the Red Cross, &c. Lastly, how Sir Alan killed the Giant Danagelfe, who kept his father and Mother in Prison; and afterwards married the Queen of the Unknown Island, with a Relation of a strange Delusion, with which she entertained Knights and Ladies at her Court.
The life of John Gilpin, taken from divers manuscripts in the possession of the family, and now published, for the First Time, by their Permission, for the Gratification of the Publick Curiosity, respecting so extraordinary a Character. To which is added, by way of appendix, the celebrated history of his journey to Edmonton. As read by Mr. Henderson, at Free-Mason's-Hall. Most respectfully inscribed to Mr. Henderson.
A collection of novels and tales of the fairies. Written by that celebrated wit of France, the Countess d'Anois. In three volumes. ...
A collection of novels and tales of the fairies. Written by that celebrated wit of France, the Countess d'Anois. In three volumes. ...
A collection of novels and tales of the fairies. Written by that celebrated wit of France, the Countess d'Anois. In three volumes. ...
The desperadoes; an heroick history. Translated from the Italian of the celebrated Marini. (The original having passed ten editions.) ... In four books. Embellish'd with eight excellent copper-plates.
The life and surprising adventures of Robinson Crusoe, of York, mariner: who lived eight and twenty years alone in an uninhabited island, on the coast of America, near the mouth of the great river Oroonoque; Having been cast on shore by Shipwreck, Wherein all the Men perished but himself. With An Account how he was at last as strangely delivered by Pirates. Written by himself. ...
The impetuous lover, or the Guiltless Parricide, shewing, To what Lengths Love may run, and the extream Folly of forming Schemes for Futurity. Written under the Instructions, and at the Request of one of the Interested Partys. By A. G. Esquire. ...
Jaquelina of Hainault: an historical novel, in three volumes, by the author of \the Duke of Clarence.\" ..."
Almira: or, the history of a French Lady of distinction. Interspersed with the histories of the Marquis de Montalvan; and Isabella: Lindamira, or, the Belle Espagnol, &c. &c. In four books.
The life and most surprising adventures of Robinson Crusoe, of York, mariner; who lived eight and twenty years in an uninhabited island on the coast of America, near the mouth of the great river Oroonoque. ...
Sigismar. By the author of Villeroy. In three volumes ...
Female friendship: or the innocent sufferer. A moral novel. ...
Argentum: or, adventures of a shilling.
Memoirs of the life of Parnese, a Spanish lady of vast fortune. Written by herself: shewing the irresistable force of education: With A True Account of the Hardships she suffered, in Man's Apparel, for eight Years, in different Countries, in the Prosecution of a virtuous Amour with Rockbartez; her Escape from Slavery with Sarpeta, her Master's Daughter; their Flight into Persia; her accidental Marriage there to Rockbartez; and Return. Interspersed with the story of Beaumont and Sarpeta. Translated from the Spanish manuscript, by R.P. gent.
The adventures of Prince Jakaya: or, the triumphs of love over ambition. Being secret memoirs of the Ottoman court. Translated from the original French. In two volumes.
The tragical history of the Chevalier de Vaudray, and the Countess de Vergi. In two parts. To which is annexed, a short novel, intitled, The inhumane husband. Done from the French. By J. M.
The reverie; or, a flight to the paradise of fools. By the editor of The adventures of a guinea. In two volumes. ...
The history of Charles Falkland, Esq. and Miss Louisa Saville. A novel. In a series of letters. In which is introduced, the history of Julia Harwood. In two volumes. ...
Juliana. A novel, by the author of Francis, the philanthropist. In three volumes. ...
Jessy; or, the bridal day. A novel. Written by a lady, After the Manner of the late Mr. Richardson, (author of Clarissa, &c.) But not revised by that celebrated Writer. In two volumes. ...
Letters from the Countess de Sancerre, to Count de Nanc<c3><a9>, her friend. By Madam Riccoboni. Translated from the French. ...
La folle sens<c3><a9>e, ou histoire de Mlle. F***, dedi<c3><a9>e a Madame la marquise de V ... par le chevalier d. L****. Premiere Partie.
Female falshood: or, the unfortunate beau. Being the amorous memoirs of a late French nobleman. Written by himself in his retirement, and digested by Monsieur St. Evremont. Made English.
Female falshood: or, the unfortunate beau. Being the amorous memoirs of a late French nobleman. Written by himself in his retirement, and digested by Monsieur St. Evremont. Made English.
Les amants ennemis de la vertu, et Dorval, philosophe amoureux. Premi<c3><a8>re Partie.
Les amants ennemis de la vertu, et Dorval, philosophe amoureux. Premi<c3><a8>re Partie.
Candid: or, all for the best. By M. de Voltaire.
La quinzaine angloise a Paris, ou l'art de s'y ruiner en peu de tems. Ouvrage posthume du Docteur Stearne, traduit de l'anglois par un observateur.
Arabian nights entertainments: consisting of one thousand and one stories. Told by the Sultaness of the Indies, to divert the Sultan from the Execution of a bloody Vow he had made to marry a Lady every Day, and have her cut off next Morning, to avenge himself for the Disloyalty of his first Sultaness, &c. Containing, A better Account of the Customs, Manners and Religion of the Eastern Nations, viz. Tartars, Persians and Indians, than is to be met with in any Author hitherto publish'd. Translated into French from the Arabian Mss, by M. Galland, of the Royal Academy; and now done into English from the last Paris edition. Vol. I.
Arabian nights entertainments: consisting of one thousand and one stories. Told by the Sultaness of the Indies, to divert the Sultan from the Execution of a bloody Vow he had made to marry a Lady every Day, and have her cut off next Morning, to avenge himself for the Disloyalty of his first Sultaness, &c. Containing, A better Account of the Customs, Manners and Religion of the Eastern Nations, viz. Tartars, Persians and Indians, than is to be met with in any Author hitherto publish'd. Translated into French from the Arabian Mss, by M. Galland, of the Royal Academy; and now done into English from the last Paris edition. Vol. I.
The life and adventures of James Ramble, Esq; interspersed, with the various fortunes of certain noble personages deeply concerned in the northern commotions in the year 1715. From his own manuscript. ...
Augusta; or, The dependent niece: In letters. In two volumes. ...
Memoirs of a baroness. By the author of The conquest of the heart and The victim of fancy. In two volumes. ...
The invasion; or, what might have been. A novel. In two volumes. ...
Travels into several remote nations of the world. In four parts. By Lemuel Gulliver, first a surgeon, and then a captain of several ships. ...
The travels of Edward Brown, Esq; formerly a merchant in London. Containing his observations on France and Italy; his voyage to the Levant; his Account of the Island of Malta; his Remarks in his Journies through the Lower and Upper Egypt; together with a Brief Description of the Abyssinian Empire. Interspersed throughout With several curious Historical Passages relating to our own as well as Foreign Nations; as also with Critical Disquisitions as to the present State of the Sciences in Egypt, particularly Physick and Chemistry. In two volumes. ...
Ellinor; or, the world as it is. A novel. In four volumes. By Mary Ann Hanway. ...
Genuine memoirs of Miss Harriet Melvin and Miss Leanora Stanway. In a series of letters. By a young lady of Glocester.
The life and most surprizing adventures of Robinson Crusoe, of York, mariner. Who lived eight and twenty years in an uninhabited island on the coast of America, lying near the mouth of the great river of Oroonoque: Having been cast on Shore by Shipwreck, wherein all the Men were drowned, but Himself: As also a Relation how he was wonderfully deliver'd by Pyrates. The whole three volumes faithfully abridg'd, and set forth with Cuts proper to the Subject.
The post-Boy robb'd of his mail: or, The Pacquet Broke Open. Consisting of letters of love and gallantry, and all miscellaneous subjects: In which are Discover'd The Vertues, Vices, Follies, Humours and Intrigues of Mankind. With Remarks on Each letter. Both volumes in one.
All's right at last: or, the history of Miss West. ...
All's right at last: or, the history of Miss West. ...
Ermina Montrose; or, the cottage of the vale. In three volumes. With characters from life. By Emily Clark, Grand-Daughter of the Late Colonel Frederick, and author of ``tanthe; or, the Flower of Caernarvon.'' ...
Delia, a pathetic and interesting tale. In Four Volumes ...
Camilla; or, the correspondence of a deceased friend. In three volumes. ...
Waldorf; or, the Dangers of Philosophy. A philosophical tale. By Sophia King, author of ``the Trifles from Helicon.'' ...
A collection of novels, selected and revised by Mrs. Griffith. ...
Le comte de Saint-M<c3><a9>ran, ou les nouveaux <c3><a9>garemens du cour et de l'esprit. Premiere Partie.
Fatal follies: or, the history of the Countess of Stanmore. In four volumes. ...
Emma Dorvill. By a lady.
A tale of the times. By the author of A gossip's story. Dedicated by permission to Mrs. Carter. In three volumes. ...
Persiles and Sigismunda: a Celebrated novel. Intermixed with a great Variety of Delightful Histories and entertaining adventures. Written in Spanish by Michael de Cervantes Saavedra, Author of Don Quixote. Translated into English from the Original. ...
Memoirs of the ancient house of Clarendon. A novel. I left no Business for this idle Trade. In three volumes. ...
Memoirs of the ancient house of Clarendon. A novel. I left no Business for this idle Trade. In three volumes. ...
Edward and Harriet, or the happy recovery; a sentimental novel. In two volumes, by a lady. Dedicated by permission to her Grace the Duchess of Devonshire. ...
Rosina: a novel. In five volumes. By the author of Delia, an interesting tale, in Four Volumes. ...
Rosina: a novel. In five volumes. By the author of Delia, an interesting tale, in Four Volumes. ...
The expedition of Humphry Clinker. By the author of Roder:c [sic] Random. In two volumes. ... Cooke's edition. Embellished with superb engravings.
Santa-Maria; or, the mysterious pregnancy. A romance. In three volumes. By I. Fox. ...
The sailor boy. A novel. In two volumes. ...
The sailor boy. A novel. In two volumes. ...
The motto: or history of Bill Woodcock. In two volumes. By George Brewer. ...
The relapse, a novel. In two volumes. Volume I.
The adventures of Peregrine Pickle. In which are included, Memoirs of a lady of quality. In four volumes. ...
Benedicta. A novel. In two volumes. In two volumes. [sic] In two volumes. ...
Benedicta. A novel. In two volumes. In two volumes. [sic] In two volumes. ...
The stage-Coach. Containing the character of Mr. Manly, and the history of his fellow-travellers. ...
The history of Sir Charles Grandison. In a series of letters. By Mr Samuel Richardson, Author of Pamela and Clarissa. In eight volumes. ...
The pleasant and delightful history of Gillian of Croydon: containing, her birth and parentage: Her first Amour, with the sudden Death of her Sweet-Heart: Her leaving her Father's House in Disguise, and becoming Deputy to a Country Midwife; with a very odd and humoursome Adventure before a Justice of the Peace, for screening a Child under her Hoop-Petticoat: Her discovery of a Love-Intrigue between her Mistress's Daughter, and a perjur'd, false-hearted Young-Man, which she relates in the tragical History of William and Margaret: Her Account of a Country Wedding in Kent; with several merry Passages which attended it. Illustrated with suitable Cuts. The whole done much after the same method as those celebrated novels, by Mrs. Eliza Haywood.
The history of Lewis de Marchment, or wonderful events.
The life, remarkable adventures and pyracies, of Captain Singleton: Containing An Account of his being set on Shore in the Island of Madagascar, his Settlement there, with a Description of the Place and Inhabitants: Of his Passage from thence, in a Paraguay, to the main Land of Africa, with an Account of the Customs and Manners of the People: His great Deliverances from the barbarous Natives and wild Beasts: Of his meeting with an Englishman, a Citizen of London, among the Indians, the great Riches he acquired, and his Voyage home to England. As also the Captain's Return to Sea, with an Account of his many Adventures and Pyracies with the famous Captain Avery and others.
The Baron of Lauderbrooke. A tale. By W. Holloway.
Ethelinde, or the recluse of the lake. By Charlotte Smith. In five volumes. ...
Ethelinde, or the recluse of the lake. By Charlotte Smith. In five volumes. ...
The fortunate mistress; or, a history of the life and vast variety of fortunes of Mademoiselle de Beleau, afterwards call'd the Countess de Wintselsheim, in Germany. Being the person known by the name of the Lady Roxana, in the Time of King Charles II.
Memoirs of a Scots heiress. Addressed to the Right Honourable Lady Catherine ******. By the author of Constance, &c. ...
Memoirs of a Scots heiress. Addressed to the Right Honourable Lady Catherine ******. By the author of Constance, &c. ...
Travels into several remote nations of the world. In four parts. Part I. A Voyage to Lilliput, wherein are described the Customs and Manners of those diminutive People the Lilliputians, five of whom the Captain put at one Time, in his Coat-Pocket. Part II. A Voyage to Brobdingnag, describing the Customs and Manners of those Gigantick People, the jointed Babies of whose Children were as big as the Giants at Guild-Hall. Part III. A Voyage to Laputa, or a strange Country of Mathematicians, to Balnibarbi, Glubbdrubdribb, Luggnagg and Japan. Part IV. A Voyage to the Houyhnhnms, or a Nation of Horses. By Captain Lemuel Gulliver, First a Surgeon, and then a Captain of several Ships.
Family secrets, literary and domestic. By Mr. Pratt. In five volumes. ...
Amelia. By Henry Fielding, Esq; In four volumes. ...
Amelia. By Henry Fielding, Esq; In four volumes. ...
Love at first sight: or the history of Miss Caroline Stanhope. In three volumes. ...
Love at first sight: or the history of Miss Caroline Stanhope. In three volumes. ...
The life and surprizing adventures of Robinson Crusoe, of York, mariner: who lived eight and twenty years all alone in an uninhabited island, on the coast of America, near the mouth of the great river of Oroonoque. Having been cast on Shore by Shipwreck, wherein all the Men perished but Himself. With An Account how he was at last as strangely delivered by Pirates. Written by himself. Part I.
Genuine memoirs of the celebrated Miss Maria Brown. Exhibiting the life of a courtezan in the most fashionable scenes of dissipation. Published by the author of a Woman of Pleasure. In two volumes. ...
Belleville lodge, a novel, in two volumes. ...
Belleville lodge, a novel, in two volumes. ...
The history of Rasselas, Prince of Abissinia. A tale. By Dr. Johnson. Two volumes in one.
Solyman and Almena. Chap. I.
Andrew Stuart, or the northern wanderer. A novel. In Four Volumes. By Mary Ann Hanway. Author of Ellinor, or the World as it is. ...
Les aveux d'une femme galante, ou lettres de Madame la Marquise de ***, a myladi Fanny Stapelton.
Angeline; or, sketches from nature: a novel. In three volumes. ...
Angeline; or, sketches from nature: a novel. In three volumes. ...
True delicacy; or, the history of Lady Frances Tylney, and Henry Cecil, Esq; ...
The man of gallantry, or the history of Sir William Lovedale, and Miss Sophia Dighton. In a series of letters.
The adventures of Ferdinand Count Fathom. By the author of Roderick Random. ...
The fair adulteress. A novel. A story founded on real facts, and intended to encourage virtue, by exposing Vice in its proper Colours: Being the Genuine History of the late Amours of two Persons of the First Rank.
Conscious duplicity. A novel. In two volumes. ...
Conscious duplicity. A novel. In two volumes. ...
Mount Henneth; a novel, in a series of letters. Two volumes. ...
The devil upon two sticks in England: being a continuation of Le diable boiteux of Le Sage.
The devil upon two sticks in England: being a continuation of Le diable boiteux of Le Sage.
The devil upon two sticks in England: being a continuation of Le diable boiteux of Le Sage. ...
Sentimental memoirs: by a lady. ...
The history of Sir Henry Clarendon. ...
The farther adventures of Robinson Crusoe, being the second and last part of his life, and strange surprizing accounts of his travels round three parts of the globe. Written by himself. The second edition. To which is added a map of the World, in which is Delineated the Voyages of Robinson Crusoe.
The life and strange surprizing adventures of Robinson Crusoe, of York, mariner: who lived eight and twenty years all alone in an un-inhabited island on the coast of America, near the mouth of the great river of Oroonoque; Having been cast on Shore by Shipwreck, wherein all the Men perished but himself. With an Account how he was at last as strangely deliver'd by Pyrates. Written by himself.
Evening amusements, for the ladies; or, original anecdotes, intended to promote a love of virtue in young minds. A series of letters.
Munster Abbey, a romance: interspersed with reflections on virtue and morality: written by Sir Samuel Egerton Leigh. In three volumes. ...
Munster Abbey, a romance: interspersed with reflections on virtue and morality: written by Sir Samuel Egerton Leigh. In three volumes. ...
Maria; or, the vicarage. A novel. In two volumes. ...
Emma; or, the unfortunate attachment. A sentimental novel. In three volumes. ...
The adventures of David Simple: containing an account of his travels through the cities of London and Westminster, in the search of a real friend. By a lady. In two volumes. ...
The adventures of David Simple: containing an account of his travels through the cities of London and Westminster, in the search of a real friend. By a lady. In two volumes. ...
Familiar letters between the principal characters in David Simple, and some others. Being a sequel to his adventures. To which is added, a vision. By the author of David Simple. The second edition. ...
Memoirs of a coxcomb.
The history of Lady Louisa Stroud, and the Honourable Miss Caroline Stretton. In two volumes. ...
The adventures of Hugh Trevor. By Thomas Holcroft. ...
The theatre of love. A collection of novels, (none of which were ever printed before) containing, I. Frederick and Harriet: Or, The Discreet Parent. II. Miranda: Or, The Favourite Daughter. III Horatio: Or, The Sincere Friend. IV. Cordelia: Or, The Tender Mother. V. The Cruel Father. VI. Clerimont: Or, The Generous Lover. Vii. The Lovers Quarrel: Or, The Fatal Resolution. Viii. John and Joan: Or, The Mannerly Couple. IX. Celia: Or, The Generous Maid. X. Innocence in Distress: Or, Virtue Triumphant. XI. The Rival Sisters. XII. Hillario and Leonora: Or, The Unfortunate Lovers. XIII. Jenny: Or, The Female Fortune-Hunter.
Each sex in their humour: or the histories of the families of Brightley, Finch, Fortescue, Shelburne, and Stevens. Written by a lady of quality, Whilst she was abroad on her Travels, and found among her Papers, since her decease. In two volumes. ...
Sophia. By Mrs. Charlotte Lennox. In two volumes. ...
The history of Georgina Neville; or, the disinterested orphan. A novel. In two volumes. Being The first Literary Attempt of a Young Lady. Dedicated, with permission, to the Hon. Lady Warren. ...
The lover's secretary: or, the adventures of Lindamira, a lady of quality. Written to her friend in the country. In XXIV letters. Revis'd and corrected by Mr. Tho. Brown.
The adventures of Peregrine Pickle. In which are included, Memoirs of a lady of quality. By Dr. Smollett. In four volumes. Cooke's edition. Embellished with suberb engravings. ...
The beggar girl and her benefactors. In seven volumes. By Mrs. Bennett, Author Of Welch Heiress, Yuitnile Indiscretions, Agnes DI-Courci, And Fllen Countess Of Castle Howell. ...
The beggar girl and her benefactors. In seven volumes. By Mrs. Bennett, Author Of Welch Heiress, Yuitnile Indiscretions, Agnes DI-Courci, And Fllen Countess Of Castle Howell. ...
The history of Mr. Byron and Miss Greville. In two volumes. ...
The errors of sensibility. A novel. In three volumes. ...
The expedition of Humphry Clinker. By the author of Roderick Random ...
A sentimental journey through France and Italy. By Mr. Yorick: and the continuation thereof by Eugenius. The four volumes complete in one.
The creole; or, the haunted island. In three volumes. By S. Arnold, junior. ...
The expedition of Humphry Clinker. By the author of Roderick Random. In three volumes. ...
Camilla: or, a picture of youth. By the author of Evelina and Cecilia. In three volumes. ...
Camilla: or, a picture of youth. By the author of Evelina and Cecilia. In three volumes. ...
Eliza: or, the history of Miss Granville. By the author of Indiana Danby. In two volumes. ...
The husband's resentment; or, the history of Lady Manchester. A novel. In two volumes. ...
Marchmont: a novel. By Charlotte Smith. In four volumes. ...
The life, travels, and adventures, of Christopher Wagstaff, gentleman, grandfather to Tristam Shandy. Originally published in the latter end of the last century. Interspersed with A suitable Variety of Matter, By the Editor. The whole being intended as a full and final Answer to every thing that has been, or shall be, written in the Out-of-The-Way Way. ...
Wanley Penson; or, the melancholy man: a miscellaneous history, in three volumes. Vol. I.
Ranspach, or mysteries of a castle; a novel, in two volumes. By the author of Edward de Courcy, &c. ...
The history of Lucy Wellers. Written by a lady. In two volumes. ...
The adventures of a bank-note. In two volumes. ...
Misogug: or, women as they are. A Chaldean tale. Translated from the French. In two volumes. ...
The adventures of Anthony Varnish; or, a peep at the manners of society. By an adept. In three volumes. ...
The story of Lady Juliana Harley. A novel. In letters. By Mrs. Griffith. ...
The entertaining amour of Sylvander and Sylvia, a Fashionable buck, and a Delicate Edinburgh belle. Contained in twenty-four genuine letters. Wrote in the Year 1766.
The royal captives: a fragment of secret history. Copied from an old manuscript, by Ann Yearsley. ...
The sisters; or the history of Lucy and Caroline Sanson, entrusted to a false friend. In two volumes. ...
The young widow; or, the history of Mrs. Ledwich. Written by herself. In a series of letters to James Lewis, Esq. In two volumes. ...
The young widow; or, the history of Mrs. Ledwich. Written by herself. In a series of letters to James Lewis, Esq. In two volumes. ...
The life and surprising adventures of Robinson Crusoe; including an account of his shipwreck, and residence for twenty eight years on an unknown island, &c. &c. Written by himself.
The modern fine gentleman, a novel, in two volumes. ...
The adventures of Roderick Random. Written by Dr. Smollet, and abridged by R. Lewis, Corrector of the Press.
Valentine. A novel. In two volumes. ...
The perplexed lovers: or, the history of Sir Edward Balchen, Bart. In three volumes. ...
The minstrel; or, anecdotes of distinguished personages in the fifteenth century. In three volumes. ...
The history of Emma, or the victim of depravity; wherein is exemplified the miserable effects of not curbing the propensities of our passions. To which is added the life of the abandoned Kitty Clark; who, from a Mistaken Notion of Revenge, Left her Uncle's House, and entered into a Licentious Course of gay Living with a Noble Lord: After whose Death she underwent a variety of Scenes; and at length died an object of the utmost Misery, and universal Detestation.
Leopold Warndorf. A novel. In two volumes. By Henry Summersett, Author of the Mad Man of the Mountain, &c. &c. &c. ...
Caroline. In three volumes. By a lady. ...
Memoirs of Miss Sidney Bidulph, extracted from her own journal, and now first published. In two volumes. ...
The voluntary exile, in five volumes, by Mrs. Parsons, author of Lucy, &c. &c. ...
The life and adventures of Joe Thompson, a narrative founded on fact. Written by himself ...
The life and most surprising adventures of Robinson Crusoe, of York, mariner, who lived eight-and-twenty years in an uninhabited island on the coast of America, near the mouth of the great river Oroonoque. With an account of his deliverance thence, and his after surprising Adventures.
Scelta di commedie e novelle morali del Marchese Albergati Capacelli in due tomi. Dedicata, con permissione, a sua maest<c3><a0> la Regina della Gran Brettagna, dall' editore Antonio Ravelli. ...
The brothers. In two volumes. By the author of The stage-coach, and Lucy Wellers. ...
The male-Coquette; or, the history of the Hon. Edward Astell. In two volumes. ...
Edward. A novel. In two volumes. Dedicated (by permission) to Her Majesty. ...
Edward. A novel. In two volumes. Dedicated (by permission) to Her Majesty. ...
A narrative of the life and astonishing adventures of John Daniel, a smith at Royston in Hertfordshire, For a Course of seventy Years. Containing, The melancholy Occasion of his Travels. His Shipwreck with one Companion on a desolate Island. Their way of Life. His accidental discovery of a Woman for his Companion. Their peopling the Island. Also, A Description of a most surprising Engine, invented by his Son Jacob, on which he flew to the Moon, with some Account of its Inhabitants. His return, and accidental Fall into the Habitation of a Sea-Monster, with whom he lived two Years. His further Excursions in Search of England. His Residence in Lapland, and Travels to Norway, from whence he arrived at Aldborough, and further Transactions till his death, in 1711. Aged 97. Illustrated with several copper plates, engraved by Mr. Boitard. Taken from his own mouth, by Mr. Ralph Morris.
Pamela: or, virtue rewarded. In a series of familiar letters from a beautiful young damsel to her parents: ... In four volumes. ... The sixth edition; corrected. By the late Mr. Sam. Richardson, ...
The twin sisters; or, the effects of education. A novel; in a series of letters. By a lady. ...
Memoirs of the Shakespear's-Head in Covent Garden: in which are introduced many entertaining adventures, and several remarkable characters. By the ghost of Shakespear. In two volumes. ...
The adventures of Peregrine Pickle. In which are included, Memoirs of a lady of quality. In four volumes. ...
The life and opinions of Tristram Shandy, gentleman. Vol. V.
The life and most surprising adventures of Robinson Crusoe, of York, mariner, who lived twenty-eight years in an uninhabited island on the coast of America, near the mouth of the great river Oronoque. With an account of his deliverance thence, and his after surprising adventures.
The history of Rasselas, Prince of Abissinia. A tale. By Dr. Johnson. Two volumes in one. Embellished with a portrait of the author.
The history of Tom Jones, a foundling. In four volumes. By Henry Fielding, Esq;
Adeline St. Julian; or, the midnight hour. A novel. In two volumes. By Mrs. Anne Ker, Author of the Heiress DI Montalde, &c. ...
Maria; the genuine memoirs of a young lady of rank and fortune. By the author of The life and adventures of Joe Thompson. ...
The adventures of Peregrine Pickle. In which are included, Memoirs of a lady of quality. In four volumes. ...
The school for fathers; or, the victim of a curse. A novel. Containing authentic memoirs and anecdotes, with historical facts. In three volumes. ...
The school for fathers; or, the victim of a curse. A novel. Containing authentic memoirs and anecdotes, with historical facts. In three volumes. ...
English nights entertainments. The history of Oroonoko; or, the royal slave. Written originally by Mrs. Behn, and revised by Mrs. Griffiths.
Travels into several remote nations of the world. In four parts. By Lemuel Gulliver, First a Surgeon, and then a Captain of several Ships. ...
The temple of Venus. A poem. In five cantos. By William Selbey, Esq;
Henry and Isabella; or, a traite through life. By the author of Caroline, or the diversities of fortune. In four volumes. ...
Fatal obedience; or, the history of Mr. Freeland. In two volumes. ...
Fatal obedience; or, the history of Mr. Freeland. In two volumes. ...
Constantia Neville; or, the West Indian. A novel. In three volumes. By Helena Wells, Author of ``the Step-Mother,'' &c. ...
The packet: a novel. By Miss Gunning. ...
The packet: a novel. By Miss Gunning. ...
The packet: a novel. By Miss Gunning. ...
The duke of Clarence. An historical novel. In four volumes. By E. M. F. ...
Angelina; a novel, in Three Volumes. By Mrs. Mary Robinson, Author of Poems, Vancenza, the Widow, &c. &c. &c. &c. ...
The adventures of Sir Launcelot Greaves. By the author of Roderick Random. In two volumes. ...
The history of Jenny Spinner, the Hertfordshire ghost. Written by herself.
The juvenile adventures of David Ranger, Esq; from an original manuscript found in the collections of a late noble Lord. In two volumes.
Pictures of life: or, a record of manners, physical and moral, on the close of the eighteenth century. Translated from the French. In two volumes. ...
Louisa Forrester; or, characters drawn from real life. In three volumes. ...
Maria Harcourt. A novel. In two volumes. Written in daily journals. (never before attempted.) By the author of Lord Winworth, Phebe, &c. ...
Rosa de Montmorien. A novel. By Miss Ann Hilditch. In two volumes. ...
Rosa de Montmorien. A novel. By Miss Ann Hilditch. In two volumes. ...
The life and most surprising adventures of Robinson Crusoe, of York, Mariner; who lived eight and twenty years in an uninhabited island on the coast of America, near the mouth of the great river Oroonoque. With an account of his deliverance thence, and his after surprising adventures.
The witch, and the maid of honour. In two volumes. ...
Memoirs of Lady Harriot Butler: now first published from authentic papers, in the lady's own hand-writing. In two volumes. ...
The history of Lady Barton, a novel, in letters, by Mrs. Griffith. In three volumes. ...
Friendship in death, in twenty letters from the dead to the living. To which are added, Thoughts on death: translated from the Moral essays of the Messieurs du Port Royal.
The famous history of the valiant London prentice.
Memoirs of Sir Roger de Clarendon, the natural son of Edward Prince of Wales, commonly called the Black Prince; with anecdotes of many other eminent persons of the fourteenth century. By Clara Reeve. In three volumes. ...
The way to lose him; or, the history of Miss Wyndham. By the author of The way to please him.
Anecdotes of the Delborough family. A novel. In five volumes. ... . By Mrs. Gunning.
Omar and Zemira: an Eastern tale. Founded on the piety of the Asiatics. In two volumes. ...
Omar and Zemira: an Eastern tale. Founded on the piety of the Asiatics. In two volumes. ...
The progress of a harlot. As she is described in Six Prints, by the Ingenious Mr. Hogarth. Containing, I. Her coming to Town. Being met by a Bawd who took her home, and arrested her. II. Her being released by a Jew, who took her into Keeping. III. Her being turned out of Keeping. Her taking Lodgings in Drury-Lane. A Description of the Life led by her, and the rest of the Whores there. IV. Her being sent to Bride-Well, The Trick she put on those who committed her. Her being released. Her Adventure with a Parson whom she pawns for the Reckoning. Her Adventure with a Turkey Merchant. The Trick she play'd two French Refugees and their Wives. Her setting up a Punch-House. The Trick she put on a Widow. V. Her contracting the foul Disease. Her being laid in a Salavation and carried to the famous Lock. The Dispute of the Doctors. Her Death. VI. Her Funeral, with the comical Trick that was play'd the Parson and Undertaker. With several other entertaining Particulars to tedious to be inserted here.
The false friend: a domestic story. By Mary Robinson, Author of Poems, Walsingham, Angelina, Hubert de Sevrac, &c. &c. In four volumes. ...
The farther adventures of Robinson Crusoe; being the second and last part of his life, and of the strange surprising account of his travels round three parts of the globe. Written by himself.
The life and strange surprising adventures of Robinson Crusoe; of York, mariner: who lived eight and twenty years all alone in an uninhabited island on the coast of America, near the mouth of the great river Oroonoque; having been cast on shore by shipwreck, wherein all the men perished but himself. With an account how he was at last as strangely delivered by pirates. Written by himself. The fourteenth edition, adorned with cuts. In two volumes. ...
The man of experience; or, the adventures of Honorius. In two volumes, ... . By Mr. Thistlethwaite.
Men and manners, a novel. In four volumes. By Francis Lathom, ...
Men and manners, a novel. In four volumes. By Francis Lathom, ...
Juvenile indiscretions. A novel. In five volumes. By the author of Anna, or the Welch heiress. ...
Juvenile indiscretions. A novel. In five volumes. By the author of Anna, or the Welch heiress. ...
Ellen, Countess of Castle Howel, a novel, in four volumes. By Mrs. Bennett. ...
The kentish curate; or, the history of Lamuel Lyttleton, a foundling. Written by himself. ...
The life and most surprizing adventures of Robinson Crusoe, of York, mariner; who lived eight-and-twenty years in an uninhabited island on the coast of America, near the mouth of the great river Oroonoque. With an account of his deliverance thence, and his after Surprizing Adventures. Complete in one volume.
The generous husband; or, the history of Lord Lelius and the fair Emilia. Containing likewise the genuine memoirs of Asmodei, the pretended Piedmontese Count, from the Time of his Birth, to his Late Ignominious Fall in Hyde Park.
The shrine of Bertha: a novel, in a series of letters. In two volumes. By Miss M. E. Robinson. ...
The mysterious wife. A novel, in four volumes. By Gabrielli. ...
The posthumous daughter: a novel. In two volumes. ...
Pamela; or, virtue rewarded. In a series of familiar letters from a beautiful young damsel to her parents. ... In four volumes.
The life and strange surprising adventures of Robinson Crusoe; of York, mariner: who lived eight and twenty years all alone in an uninhabited island on the coast of America, near the mouth of the great river Oroonoque; ... Written by himself. The fifteenth edition, adorned with new cuts. In two volumes. ...
The adventures of Roderick Random. In two volumes. ...
Sheppard in <c3><86>gypt, or news from the dead. Being a letter from John Sheppard to Frisky Moll, and his executor. Giving a most entertaining Account of his Arrival and Reception at Styx, with sundry remarkable Adventures as have happened to himself, to Blueskin and Houssare the French Barber, and to many other defunct Robbers, Murderers, and Traitors, &c. Together With the Censures passed on the late Night Scene of Harlequin Sheppard and the Play of Caesar in Aegypt at the Shades. Also a poetic epistle from Charon to Jonathan W-d, with many other curious Particulars.
The prince of Abissinia. A tale.
The adventures of Peregrine Pickle. In which are included, Memoirs of a lady of quality. ...
The school for widows. A novel. In three volumes. By Clara Reeve, Author of the Old English Baron, &c. &c. ...
The school for widows. A novel. In three volumes. By Clara Reeve, Author of the Old English Baron, &c. &c. ...
The history of Cornelia.
Lasselia: or, the self-abandon'd. A novel. Written by Mrs. Eliza Haywood.
Letters from a peeress of England to her eldest son.
The adventure of a bale of goods from America, in consequence of the Stamp Act.
Hartly House, Calcutta. In three volumes. ...
Authentic and interesting memoirs of Miss Ann Sheldon; (now Mrs. Archer:) A Lady who figured, during several Years, in the highest Line of public Life, and in whose History will be found, all the Vicissitudes, which so constantly attend on Women of her Description. Written by herself. ...
School for majesty; or the sufferings of Zomelli. An oriental history.
The history of Emily Montague. In four volumes. By the author of Lady Julia Mandeville. ...
The lives and adventures of the most notorious highway-waymen [sic], street robbers and murderers. ...
Anecdotes of two well-known families. Written by a descendant; and dedicated to the first female pen in England. Prepared for the press by Mrs. Parsons, ... In three volumes. ...
Anecdotes of two well-known families. Written by a descendant; and dedicated to the first female pen in England. Prepared for the press by Mrs. Parsons, ... In three volumes. ...
The officer's tale: and clergyman's tale: or, history of William Cavendish, and Henry Pembroke. By Sophia and Harriet Lee, Author Of The Recess, Chapter Of Accidents, &c.
The expedition of Humphry Clinker. By Tobias Smollet, M.D. With plates by T. Rowlandson. ...
Count Roderic's castle: or, Gothic times, a tale. In two volumes. ...
The lover's week: or, the six days adventures of Philander and Amaryllis. Written by a young lady.
Dialogues for Sunday evenings, between the principal lady of the village and her neighbours. Translated from a work of Madame Le Prince de Beaumont, called Magasin des pauvres, &c. &c. With alterations.
Amelia. By Henry Fielding, Esq. In four volumes.
Theodora, a novel. By the Right Honourable Lady Dorothea du Bois. In two volumes. ...
Advice from a bishop: in a Series of Letters To a Young Clergyman.
Memoirs of Lady Woodford. Written by herself, and addressed to a friend. In two volumes. ...
Memoirs of Lady Woodford. Written by herself, and addressed to a friend. In two volumes. ...
News from the dead, or a faithful and genuine narrative of an extraordinary combat between life and death, exemplified in the case of William Duell, One of the Malefactors who was executed at Tyburn on Monday the 24th of this instant November, for a Rape, Robbery and Murder, and who soon after return'd to life at Barber-Surgeon's-Hall, where he had been brought too from the Place of Execution, in Order to be Anatomiz'd. With a true Account Of all the Particulars that happen'd to him, and the many surprizing Things he saw during the Interval of Time that passed between his being turned off at the Gallows, and his Recovery to Life. The whole taken from his own mouth in Newgate, where he now lies.
Letters on the improvement of the mind, addressed to a young lady. In two volumes. By Mrs. Chapone. ...
The polite lady; or, a course of female education : in a series of letters, from a mother to her daughter.
M. T. Ciceronis Academicorum libri duo. Ex editione J. Oliveti.
Persian tales, or the thousand and one days. In two volumes. A new edition, embellished with two elegant frontispieces. ...
The death of Abel. In five books. Attempted from the German of Mr. Gessner.
Features from life; or, a summer visit. By the author of George Bateman, and Maria. In two volumes. ...
Honoria Somerville: a novel. In four volumes. ...
Robert and Adela: or, the rights of women best maintained by the sentiments of nature. In three volumes. ...
The death of Abel. In five books. Attempted from the German of Mr. Gessner.
The castle of Hardayne, a romance. In two volumes. By John Bird ...
The old lady in her tantarums: or Mother Oxford ranting at her eldest son Kng. Being a translation of part of an epistle lately published by J. B. Fellow of Eton Coll. By a school-boy at Eton.
The polite lady; or, a course of female education. In a series of letters, From a Mother to her Daughter.
The voyages and adventures of Captain Robert Boyle, in several parts of the world. Intermix'd with the story of Mrs. Villars, an English lady, with whom he made his surprising escape from Barbary. Likewise including the history of an Italian captive, and the life of Don Pedro Aquilo, &c. Full of various and amazing Turns of Fortune.
The rambler. By Samuel Johnson. In four volumes. Embellished with elegant frontispieces. ...
The rambler. By Samuel Johnson. In four volumes. Embellished with elegant frontispieces. ...
The history of John of Bourbon, Prince of Carency. Containing A Variety of entertaining Novels, viz. 1. The Surprize, or the Generous Unknown. 2. The Mutual Mistake, or The Unhappy Discovery. 3. The Secret Rival, or the Deceitful Friend. 4. The Perfidious Lady disappointed, or the Happy Reconciliation. 5. The Slighted Passion, or the Fatal Resentment. 6. The Unfortunate Lover. 7. The Female Captives. 8. The Distressed Lovers. 9. The Revengeful Rival. 10. The Happy Meeting, or Constant Love Rewarded. Written in French by the Countess D'Aunois, Author of the Ladies Travels into Spain.
Francis, the philanthropist: an unfashionable tale.
Elisa Powell, or trials of sensibility: a series of original letters, collected by a Welsh curate. In Two Volumes. ...
Travels into several remote nations of the world. In four parts. By Lemuel Gulliver, First a Surgeon, and then a Captain of several Ships.
The children's friend. Being a selection from the works of M. Berquin.
The voyages and adventures of Captain Robert Boyle, into several parts of the world. Intermix'd with the Story of Mrs. Villars, an English Lady, with whom he made his surprizing Escape from Barbary. The History of an Italian Captive. The Life of Don Pedro Aquilio. &c. To which is added, The Voyage, Shipwreck and Miraculous Preservation of Richard Castelman, Gent. With a Description of the City of Philadelphia, and the Country of Pensylvania. Full of various and amazing turns of fortune.
The (latin) description of Hogland: with its dedication: imitated in English.
Noah. Attempted from the German of Mr. Bodmer. In twelve books. By Joseph Collyer. ...
The adventures of David Simple: containing an account of his travels ... in the search of a real friend. By a lady. In two volumes. ...
La belle assembl<c3><a9>e: being a curious collection of some very remarkable incidents which happened to persons of the first quality in France. Interspers'd with Entertaining and Improving Observations made by them on several Passages in History, both Ancient and Modern. Written in French for the Entertainment of the King, and dedicated to him by Madam de Gomez. Adorn'd with copper-plates. Vol. III.
The libertine. A novel. In a series of letters. By James Bacon.
La belle assembl<c3><a9>e: being a curious collection of some very remarkable incidents which happen'd to persons of the first quality in France. Interspers'd with entertaining and improving observations made by them on several passages in history, both ancient and modern. Written in French for the entertainment of the King, and dedicated to him by Madam de Gomez. In four volumes. Adorn'd with copper-plates.
Caroline; or, the diversities of fortune : a novel. In two volumes. ...
Caroline of Lichtfield; a novel. Translated from the French. By Thomas Holcroft.
Caroline of Lichtfield; a novel. Translated from the French. By Thomas Holcroft.
Caroline of Lichtfield; a novel. Translated from the French by Thomas Holcroft.
The female spectator. By Mrs. Eliza Haywood.
La jardini<c3><a9>re de Vincennes, par Madame de V***.
The recess; or, a tale of other times. By the author of The chapter of accidents. ...
St. Leon: a tale of the sixteenth century. By William Godwin. In four volumes.
The works of Laurence Sterne, complete in eight volumes Containing I. The Life and Opinions of Tristram Shandy. II. A Sentimental Journey through France and Italy, and Continuation. III. Sermons, -- IV. Letters. V. The Fragment. VI. The Koran. Vii. History of a Good Warm Watch-Coat. With a life of the author, ...
Laurentia. A novel. In two volumes. ...
Laurentia. A novel. In two volumes. ...
Secret histories, novels, and poems. In four volumes. Written by Mrs. Eliza Haywood. ...
Cecilia, or memoirs of an heiress. By the author of Evelina.
Cecilia, or memoirs of an heiress. By the author of Evelina.
The beauties of Goldsmith: or, the moral and sentimental treasury of genius.
The history of Miss Betsy Thoughtless. In four volumes. ...
The history of Miss Betsy Thoughtless. In four volumes. ...
The invisibe [sic] spy. By Explorabilis. In two volumes. ...
The invisibe [sic] spy. By Explorabilis. In two volumes. ...
Longsword, Earl of Salisbury. An historical romance. In two volumes. ...
The life and adventures of Ambrose Gwinett, well known to the public, as the lame beggar-man, ...
The accomplish'd rake: or, the modern fine gentleman. Being the genuine memoirs of a certain person of distinction.
Select English pieces, part 3. The vicar of Wakefield.
The works of the Right Honourable Joseph Addison, Esq; In four volumes. ...
Letters of the Right Honourable Lady My W---y M----e: written, during her travels in Europe, Asia and Africa, to persons of distinction, men of letters, &c. in different parts of Europe. Which contain, among other curious relations, accounts of the policy and manners of the Turks; Drawn from Sources that have been inaccessible to other Travellers. In three volumes.
Letters of the Right Honourable Lady My W---y M----e: written, during her travels in Europe, Asia and Africa, to persons of distinction, men of letters, &c. in different parts of Europe. Which contain, among other curious relations, accounts of the policy and manners of the Turks; Drawn from Sources that have been inaccessible to other Travellers. In three volumes.
The children's friend. Translated from the French of Mr. Berquin, by Lucas Williams, Esq. In Six Volumes. ...
The independent. A novel. In two volumes. ...
Rambles farther: a continuation of Rural walks: in dialogues. Intended for the use of young persons. By Charlotte Smith. In two volumes. ...
The adventures of Telemachus, the son of Ulysses. Translated from the French of Messire Fran<c3><a7>ois Salignac de la Mothe-Fenelon, Archbishop of Cambray. By T. Smollett, M.D. In two volumes. ...
Henrietta of Gerstenfeld. Translated from the German of Mr. Wieland.
Herman of Unna: a series of adventures of the fifteenth century, in which the proceedings of the secret tribunal under the emperors Winceslaus and Sigismond are delineated. In three volumes. Written in German by Professor Kramer.
The adventures of Telemachus the son of Ulysses in five parts. Part I.
The death of Abel, in five books. Attempted from the German of Mr. Gessner.
Rosella, or modern occurrences. A novel. In four volumes. By Mary Charlton, ...
Rosella, or modern occurrences. A novel. In four volumes. By Mary Charlton, ...
A sentimental journey through France and Italy: to which are added the Letters to Eliza. By Yorick. Stereotype edition, according to the process of Firmin Didot.
The ruins of Avondale Priory, a novel, in three volumes, by Mrs. Kelly, author of Madeline, Abbey St. Asaph, &c. ...
The vicar of Wakefield; a tale. Supposed to be written by himself. In two volumes.
Polite epistolary correspondence. A collection of letters, on the most instructive and entertaining subjects. Viz. Of Love and Gallantry. Of Compliment. Satyrical. Of Reproach. Of Reprimand. Of Consolation and Condolance. On asking Advice. On giving Advice. Of Morality. On making a Present. Of Recommendation. Of Invitation. Of Congratulation. Of Excuse and Apology. To desire Favours. Of Complaint. With Answers to them. To which are prefix'd, two introductory letters: shewing the necessity and use of such a collection; particularly in the instructing of Youth to indite Letters well on all Occasions.
Edward. Various views of human nature, taken from life and manners, chiefly in England. By the author of Zeluco. In two volumes. ...
Edward. Various views of human nature, taken from life and manners, chiefly in England. By the author of Zeluco. In two volumes. ...
The english scholar compleat: containing, I. An English grammar, or rather Accidence, treating of the Parts of English Speech, and what belongs to them, which is the meaning of the Word Accidence. II. A Catalogue of all the chief Latin Roots from whence English-Latin Words are derived. III. An Explanation of such Words; every Derivative being set under its respective Root or Primitive; whereby is seen not only what the Word sigfies, but why it signifies so and so, or the Reason of its Signification; with Helps to pronounce them right, by Marks on the sounding Syllables. IV. Several select Latin Sentences, met oft-times in English Writers unexplain'd, made English. V. An History of select Proper Names. VI. An English Rhetorick. Vii. A catalogue of all such Greek roots, as Greek-English words are derived from, with the Explanation of them; as also of all significant Words of common Use in our Language, deriv'd from other Tongues, as Saxon, French, Italian, Spanish, &c. Compos'd for the use of an English school, at the Cock and Swan in Cannon-Street: And very Useful for most People under Academics. With a Letter in Latin to all Latin-Masters, Recommending it to the Use of several in their Schools.
C. Plinii C<c3><a6>cilii Secundi Epistol<c3><a6> et Panegyricus.
The world. In four volumes. By Adam Fitz-Adam.
Cecilia, or memoirs of an heiress. By the author of Evelina.
Cecilia, or memoirs of an heiress. By the author of Evelina. The fourth edition. In five volumes. ...
Honny soit qui mal y pense, ou histoires des filles c<c3><a9>lebres du XVIIIe siecle. ...
The life and surprising atchievements, real and truly singular adventures of Samuel Simkins, Esq. F.R.S & M.P. (founded on facts) In two volumes. By Peter Parkinson, Esq. ...
Cecilia: or memoirs of an heiress. By Miss Burney. Author of Evelina. In three volumes. ...
Cecilia: or memoirs of an heiress. By Miss Burney. Author of Evelina. In three volumes. ...
Les soupers de Daphene et Les dortoirs de Lacedemone. Anecdotes greques [sic].
Seymour castle: or the history of Miss St. Leger. In two volumes. ...
The censor. ...
The censor. ...
Memoirs of the remarkable life of Mr. Charles Brachy. In a series of adventures, in Europe, Africa, &c. To which is added, The hermit; or, the history of Cloalde.
The novelist's magazine. Vol. V. Containing Tristram Shandy, The Chinese Tales, and The Sisters.
Barham Downs: or memoirs of the Whitaker family. With anecdotes of Lord Winterbottom. A novel. In two volumes. ...
The history of Jack Connor. In two volumes.
The history of Jack Connor. In two volumes.
The lucubrations of Isaac Bickerstaff, Esq; revised and corrected by the author. ...
Letters from Yorick to Eliza.
The gardener's daughter of Worcester; or the miseries of seduction. A moral tale. By John Corry, author of a satirical view of London; and member of the philological society in Manchester.
The spectator. ... . Carefully corrected.
The spectator. ... . Carefully corrected.
The spectator. ... . Carefully corrected.
The spectator. ...
The spectator. ...
The spectator. ...
The spectator. Volume the First.
The spectator. Volume the First.
The spectator. ...
The spectator. ...
The observer: being a collection of moral, literary and familiar essays. ...
The mad pranks of Tom Tram, son in law to Mother Winter. Together with his merry jests, odd conceits, and pleasant tales, very delightful to read. Part the first.
The london-Spy compleat, in eighteen parts. ...
The london-Spy compleat, in eighteen parts. ...
Polygraphy or short-hand made easy to the meanest capacity: being an universal character fitted to all languages: Which may be learnd by this Book, without the help of a Master: the third edition. with his Latest Improvements by the Inventor Aulay Macaulay.
Canterbury tales or the year 1797. By Harriet Lee.
Canterbury tales or the year 1797. By Harriet Lee.
Recueil de romans historiques. ...
Recueil de romans historiques. ...
La prima e la seconda cena novelle di Antonfrancesco Grazzini detto il lasca Alle quali si aggiunge una novella che ci resta della terza cena. ...
The french scholar's guide; or, a new and compendious grammar of the French tongue. By William Ross, A. M. Teacher of Languages, in Glasgow.
The adventures of Mr George Edwards, a Creole.
The rambler. ...
The rambler. ...
The rambler. ...
Letters supposed to have passed between M. de St. Evremond and Mr. Waller. Collected and published by the editor of the Letters between Theodosius and Constantia. In two volumes. ...
The circe of Signior Giovanni Battista Gelli of the Academy of Florence. Consisting of ten dialogues between Ulysses and several men transform'd into beasts: satyrically representing the various passions of mankind, and the many infelicities of human life. Done out of Italian, by Mr. Tho. Brown.
Select fables of Esop and other fabulists. In three books.
The children of the abbey, a tale. In four volumes. By Regina Maria Roche. ...
The children of the abbey, a tale. In four volumes. By Regina Maria Roche. ...
La Sarcoth<c3><a9>e. Po<c3><ab>me traduit du latin du R.P. Masenius ... Par M. l'Abb<c3><a9> Dinouart.
The rambler. By Dr. Samuel Johnson. ...
The castles of Athlin and Dunbayne. A Highland story. By Ann Radcliffe.
The lucubrations of Isaac Bickerstaff, Esq; |...
The lucubrations of Isaac Bickerstaff, Esq; |...
Derwent priory; or, memoirs of an orphan. In a series of letters. First published periodically; now republished, with additions. By the author of \The castle on the rock\". In two volumes. ..."
An unfortunate mother's advice to her absent daughters; in a letter to Miss Pennington.
The exemplary mother: or, letters between Mrs. Villars and her family. Published by a lady, from the originals in her possession. In two volumes. ...
Friendship in death: in twenty letters from the dead to the living. To which are added, letters moral and entertaining, in prose and verse. By Mrs. Elizabeth Rowe. In three parts. To which is prefixed. An account of the life of the author.
The life and opinions of Tristram Shandy, gentleman. |...
The man of the world. In two parts. ...
Ellesmere. A novel. In four volumes. By Mrs. Meeke, ...
The effusions of friendship and fancy. In several letters to and from select friends.
The London spelling-book: being a more easie and regular method of teaching to spell, read and write true English. By John Urmston, ...
Love upon tick: or, implicit gallantry exemplified, in some merry memoirs of the rise and progress of an extraordinary and occasional amour. In which The Whole Mechanism of that Pasion is Expos'd, and made Obvious to the Meanest Capacity. By the author of ----
The rambler. In four volumes. ...
The test of filial duty. In a series of letters between Miss Emilia Leonard, and Miss Charlotte Arlington. A novel. In two volumes. ...
Hadleigh Grove; or, the history of Sir Charles Davers, and the fair Jessica. A novel. ...
The two mentors: a modern story. By the author of The old English baron.
The history of Numa Pompilius, second king of Rome. Translated from the French of Mon. de Florian, by Miss Elizabeth Morgan. And Dedicated, BY Permission, to Her Majesty. ...
The history of Miss Betsy Thoughtless, in four volumes. ...
Mr. Bentley, the rural philosopher: a tale. In two volumes. ...
The death of Abel, in five books. Attempted from the German of Mr. Gessner.
The gipsy countess: a novel. By Miss Gunning. ...
Julia de Roubign<c3><a9>, a tale. In a series of letters. Published by the author of The man of feeling, and The man of the world. In two volumes. ...
Julia St. Helen; or, the heiress of Ellisborough. A novel: in two volumes. Published by Sarah Cobbe, Relict of the Rev. Richard Chaloner Cobbe, Rector of Bradenham in Buckinghamshire, and Chaplain to the Right Honorable the Earl of Moira. ...
A narrative of facts, Demonstrating the Actual Existence and true Cause of that Physical Confederacy, In Bath, Made known to the Public In the printed Letters of Dr. Lucas and Dr. Oliver. By William Baylies, M. D.
Wit's cabinet: a companion for gentlemen and ladies. In which is contain'd, I. The interpretation of dreams, according to Artimedorus, and other approved authors. ... X. The art of drinking: or, The school of Bacchus. ... To which is added, a choice collection of the best songs.
The rambler. In three volumes. ...
Disobedience. A novel. In four volumes. By the author of Plain sense. ...
Disobedience. A novel. In four volumes. By the author of Plain sense. ...
Adelaide and Theodore; or letters on education: containing all the principles relative to three different plans of education; to that of Princes, and to those of young Persons of both Sexes. Translated from the French of Madame la Comtesse de Genlis.
The Idler. In two volumes. ...
Letters on several subjects. By the late Sir Thomas Fitzosborne, Bart. Published from the copies found among his papers.
An introduction to the most useful European languages, consisting of select passages, from the most celebrated English, French, Italian, and Spanish authors. With translations as close as possible; So disposed, in Columns, as to give in one View the Manner of expressing the same Sentence in each Language. Intended for the Use of Foreigners, Merchants, and Gentlemen who make the Knowledge of those Languages their Study. By Joseph Baretti, Secretary for Foreign Correspondence to the Royal Academy of Painting, Sculpture, and Architecture.
The beauties of English prose: being a select collection of moral, critical, and entertaining passages, disposed in the manner of essays; ... In four volumes. ...
The history of Alicia Montague. By the author of Clarinda Cathcart. ...
The history of Alicia Montague. By the author of Clarinda Cathcart. ...
Gonzalva of Cordova; or, Grenada reconquered. Now first translated from the French of M. Florian. In three volumes. ...
Gonzalva of Cordova; or, Grenada reconquered. Now first translated from the French of M. Florian. In three volumes. ...
The adventures of Telemachus, the son of Ulysses. Translated from the French of Messire Fran<c3><a7>ois Salignac de la Mothe-Fenelon, Archbishop of Cambray. By T. Smollett, M. D. ...
Clermont. A tale. In four volumes. By Regina Maria Roche, ...
A vocabulary, English and Persian; with introductory grammatical remarks. Compiled for the use of the Hon. East India Company. By Francis Gladwin.
Julia de Roubign<c3><a9>, a tale. In a series of letters. Published by the author of The man of feeling, and The man of the world. In two volumes. ...
Hoi tou demosthenous logoi Philippikoi Dodeka. Adjecta est in fine versio latina Wolfii.
Genuine memoirs of the Mess. Perreau.
Laura and Augustus, an authentic story; in a series of letters, by a young lady. In three volumes.
The history of Miss Clarinda Cathcart, and Miss Fanny Renton. In two volumes. ...
The works of the Marchioness de Lambert. A new edition, from the French. In two volumes. ...
Poems on several occasions. Written by Dr. Thomas Parnell. Late Arch-Deacon of Clogher: and publish'd by Mr. Pope.
The exemplary mother: or, letters between Mrs. Villars and her family. New edition. In two volumes. ...
Plain sense. A novel. In three volumes. ...
Plain sense. A novel. In three volumes. ...
The errors of education. In three volumes. By Mrs. Parsons, ...
Agnes de-Courci: a domestic tale. In two volumes. ... By Mrs. Bennett, ...
Memoirs of Mary, a novel. By Mrs. Gunning. In five volumes. ...
The vicar of Wakefield: a tale. Supposed to be written by himself. ...
The hermitage of Du Monte; a British story.
Cicely; or, the rose of Raby. An historic novel, in four volumes. ...
The famous history of Guy of Warwick. Written by Samuel Rowland.
Evelina; or, a young lady's entrance into the world. In two volumes. ...
The rule of life, in select sentences: collected from the greatest authors, ancient and modern.
The distressed lovers: or, the history of Edward and Eliza. In a series of letters. In two volumes. ...
The history of Will Ramble, a libertine. Compiled from genuine materials, and the several incidents taken from real life. In two volumes. ...
Evelina, or, the history of a young lady's entrance into the world. Vol. I.
Evelina, or, the history of a young lady's entrance into the world. Vol. I.
Tea-Table dialogues; between Miss Thoughtful Between Miss Thoughtful Miss Sterling Miss Prattle Mast. Thoughtful Master Goodwill Master Foplin. Wherein is delineated the charms of innocence and virtue, and the pleasures of rural amusements. Embellished with cuts.
The life and strange surprizing adventures of Robinson Crusoe, of York, mariner: who lived eight and twenty years all alone in an un-inhabited island on the coast of America, near the mouth of the great river of Oroonoque; Having been cast on Shore by Shipwreck, wherein all the Men perished but himself. With an Account how he was at last as strangely deliver'd by Pyrates. Written by himself.
The fool of quality; or, the history of Henry Earl of Moreland. By Mr. Brooke. ...
Roman stories: or, the history of the seven wise mistresses of Rome: containing seven days entertainment, ...
The hive of modern literature: a collection of essays, narratives, allegories, and instructive compositions; Calculated to instil into the youthful Mind the Principles of Morality, Friendship, Honour, Truth, Justice, and the other Virtuous Dispositions. Which Fortify it Against the Allurements of Vice and Youthful Propensities, Too Apt to Grow into Incurable Habits.
Harrison's British classicks. Vol. I. Containing Dr. Johnson's Rambler, and Lord Lyttleton's [sic] Persian letters.
The blind child, or anecdotes of the Wyndham family. Written for the use of young people, by a lady.
'twas right to marry him; or, the history of Miss Petworth. In two volumes. ...
'twas right to marry him; or, the history of Miss Petworth. In two volumes. ...
The wonderful life and most surprizing adventures of Robinson Crusoe, of York, mariner: containing a full and particular account of the loss of his ship in a storm, when all his Companions were drowned, and he only escaped by being cast on Shore by the Wreck. Also, of the extraordinary Manner in which he lived Eight and Twenty Years in an uninhabited Island on the Coast of America. With A true Relation how he was at last miraculously delivered by Pirates. Faithfully abridged from the three volumes, and adorned with an entire new set of cuts, illustrative of the most remarkable Stories, from Drawings done on Purpose for this Work.
The old English baron: a Gothic story. By Clara Reeve.
The exiles; or memoirs of the Count de Cronstadt. By Clara Reeve, Author of the Old English Baron, Two Mentors, &c. &c. In two volumes. ...
The history of Miss Indiana Danby. In two volumes. ...
The mistake: or, something beyond a joke. In three volumes. By P. Littlejohn, Author of Henry and the Cipher. ...
The mistake: or, something beyond a joke. In three volumes. By P. Littlejohn, Author of Henry and the Cipher. ...
The history of Tom Jones the foundling, in his married state.
Tutte l'opere di Niccol<c3><b2> Machiavelli segretario e cittadino Fiorentino: ...
Memoirs illustrating the manners of the present age. Wherein are contained the remarkable incidents in the life of a young nobleman. By Monsieur Du Clos, ... Translated from the French by a gentleman. In two volumes. ...
The famous history of the seven champions of Christendom. S. George of England, S. Denis of France, S. James of Spain, S. Anthony of Italy, S. Andrew of Scotland, S. Patrick of Ireland, and S. David of Wales. Shewing their honourable battles by sea and land: their tilts, justs, tournaments, for ladies: their combats with gyants, monsters and dragons: Their Adventures in Foreign Nations: Their Enchantments in the Holy Land: Their Knighthoods, Prowess, and Chivalry, in Europe, Africa, and Asia; with their Victories against the Enemies of Christ. Also the true Manner and Places of their Deaths, being Seven Tragedies: And how they came to be called, The Seven Saints of Christendom. The First Part.
A simple story. In four volumes. By Mrs. Inchbald. ...
The life and most surprising adventures of Robinson Crusoe of York mariner; who lived eight and twenty years in an 2 [sic] uninhabited 1 [sic] island on the coast of America, near the mouth of the great river Oroonoque. ...
A tale of a tub. Written for the universal improvement of mankind. To which is added an Account of a battle between antient and modern books in St. James's Library. By Dr. Swift. In two volumes. ...
The history of the Norfolk steward continued, in two parts. Part I. Containing an account of Mr. Lyn's private character, and the Methods by which he grew Rich. Part II. Containing some farther account of Mr. Lyn's management, and also of his Stating and Ballancing Accounts.
The history of Arsaces, Prince of Betlis. By the editor of Chrysal. In two volumes. ...
The consolidator: or, memoirs of sundry transactions from the world in the moon. Translated from the lunar language, by the author of The true-born English man.
Poems on several occasions. Written by Dr. Thomas Parnell, Late Arch-Deacon of Clogher: and publish'd by Mr. Pope.
The governess; Or, The Little female academy. Calculated for the entertainment and instruction of young ladies in their education. By the author of David Simple.
The history of Ophelia. Published by the author of David Simple.
Evelina or the history of a young lady's entrance into the world.
Evelina or the history of a young lady's entrance into the world.
The man of feeling.
Les aventures de T<c3><a9>l<c3><a9>maque, fils D'Ulysse; par Messire Fran<c3><a7>ois de Salignac de la Motte F<c3><a9>nelon.
The adventures of Telemachus, the son of Ulysses. Translated from the French of Messire Fran<c3><a7>ois Salignac de la Mothe-Fenelon, Archbishop of Gambray. By John Hawkesworth, L. L. D.
Belmont castle: or, suffering sensibility. Containing the genuine and interesting correspondence of several persons of fashion.
Hell-Gates open to all men: or, an invitation to persons of every age, sex and quality, to a residence in the infernal regions. By Lucifer. Illustrated with various diverting stories and Anecdotes; and embellish'd with eight copper-plate cuts, representing as many Scenes in the Practice of Vice and Iniquity. The said cuts exhibit the following scenes, viz. I. The Gates of Hell open by Sin and Death. II. Lucifer instructing Parents to bring up their Children in Vice and Folly. III. A Scene of Debauchery at a Tavern among the Youths of an University. IV. Youth at an University practising all Manner of Vice; Lucifer pointing to and laughing at them. V. Envy, Malice, Treachery, Revenge, busy at their respective Employments, which Lucifer illustrates and encourages. VI. Lucifer whispering in a King's Ear, as advising him to encourage all Manner of Debaucheries, &c. who rejects his Advice with Disdain. Vii. The Ministers putting a Padlock on a K-g's Sword, and keeping at a Distance Men of Integrity who would give him wholesome Advice. Lucifer laughing and pointing at them. Viii. Divers dignified Priests in their Pomp and Luxury; a Cardinal in his Coach and Six, Lucifer his Postilion, with several Imps for his Lacqueys and Domesticks. The Whole design'd to lash the Vices of the Age, to encourage Virtue, and to preserve Youth from falling into the Snares of the Devil.
A new translation of <c3><86>sop's Fables, adorn'd with cutts; suited to the Fables copied from the Frankfort edition: by the Most Ingenious Artist Christopher van Sycham. The Whole being redered in a Plain, Easy, and Familiar Style, adapted to the Meanest Capacities. Nevertheless corrected and reform'd from the grossness of the language, and Poorness of the Verse us'd in the now vulgar translation: the morals also more accuratel improv'd; together with reflections on each fable, in verse. By Joseph Jackson, Med.
Rules for true spelling and writing English; with useful observations on the sounds of letters and diphthongs; and the use of capitals, stops and marks, used in printing and writing; with variety of other useful particulars. The second edition enlarged. By William Baker.
Beauty put to its shifts: or, the Young virgin's rambles. Being several years adventures of Miss *****, in England and Portugal. Interspersed with Variety of Remarks, serious and diverting, on the Manners, Custom and Religion of the Portuguese: Exposing the Tricks and Frauds of Popish Priests. Written by herself.
Small talk for the use of young ladies that wish to learn the colloquial part of the Italian language. By Joseph Baretti Secretary for Foreign Correspondence to the Royal Academy of Painting, Sculpture, and Architecture.
The niece; or, the history of Sukey Thornby. A novel. In three volumes. ... . By Mrs. P. Gibbes, Author of the History of Lady Louisa Stroud.
The niece; or, the history of Sukey Thornby. A novel. In three volumes. ... . By Mrs. P. Gibbes, Author of the History of Lady Louisa Stroud.
Ben Johnson's jests: or, the wit's pocket-companion. Being a new collection of the most ingenious jests, diverting Stories, pleasant Jokes, small Repartees, excellent Puns, wise Sayings, witty Quibbles, and ridiculous Bulls. To Which IS Added, A choice Collection of the newest Conundrums, best Riddles, entertaining Rebuses, satirical Epigrams, humorous Epitaphs, facetious Dialogues, merry Tales, jovial Songs, Fables, &c. &c. &c.
The French convert: being a true relation of the happy conversion of a noble French lady, from the errors and superstitions of popery, to the reformed religion, by means of a Protestant gardener, her servant. ... To which is added. A relation of the fearful state of Francis Spira, ... Likewise Origen's lamentation, ...
The fool of quality; or, the history of Henry Earl of Moreland, by Mr. Brooke. ...
Seconde partie des confessions de J. J. Rousseau, citoyen de Geneve. Edition enrichie d'un nouveau recueil de ses lettres. ...
The adventures of Peregrine Pickle. In which are included, Memoirs of a lady of quality. In four volumes. ...
The adventures of Peregrine Pickle. In which are included, Memoirs of a lady of quality. In four volumes. ...
The adventures of Peregrine Pickle. In which are included, Memoirs of a lady of quality. In four volumes. ...
Woman as she should be; or, memoirs of Mrs. Menville. A novel. In two volumes. By Mrs. Parsons, ...
The history of Fanny Meadows. In a series of letters. By the author of The exemplary mother. ...
Cheap repository tracts, Published during the Year 1796. Forming Volume II.
The history of Tom Jones, a foundling. By Henry Fielding, Esq; -Mores hominum multorum vidit- ...
[The eight and Last volumes of letters writ by a Turkish spy, who liv'd five and forty years undiscover'd at Paris: Giving an Impartial Account to the Divan at Constantinople of the most remarkable Transactions of Europe: And discovering several Intrigues and Secrets of the Christian Courts; (especially of that of France) continued from the Year 1673, to the Year 1682. Written originally in Arabick, translated into Italian, from thence into English. by the Translators of the First Volume. The eleventh edition.
The history of Sir Charles Grandison. In a series of letters. By Mr. Samuel Richardson, Author of Pamela and Clarissa. In seven volumes. ...
Julia de Roubign<c3><a9>, a tale. In a series of letters. Published by the author of The man of feeling, and the Man of the World. ...
A simple story, in four volumes, by Mrs. Inchbald. ...
A journey to the world under-ground. By Nicholas Klimius. Translated from the original.
The invisible spy. By Exploralibus. In two volumes. ...
Cecilia: or memoirs of an heiress. By Miss Burney. Author of Evelina. In three volumes. ...
Paul and Virginia Translated from the French of Brenardin [sic] Saint-Pierre; by Helen Maria Williams, ...
The Irish heiress, a novel, in three volumes. ...
The conflict: or, the history of Miss Sophia Fanbrook. In three volumes. ...
The involuntary inconstant; or, the history of Miss Francfort. A novel. In two volumes. ... . By the editor of The fatal compliance.
The involuntary inconstant; or, the history of Miss Francfort. A novel. In two volumes. ... . By the editor of The fatal compliance.
The works of the late Right Honorable Joseph Addison, Esq; ... . With a Complete Index.
To tou Dionysiou Longinou peri hypsous hypomnema. Ex editione tertia Zachariae Pearce, ... expressum.
The hermit of the rock. A novel. A new edition, being the fourth. In three volumes. Vol. I.
Ellen and Julia. A novel in two volumes. By Mrs. Parsons. ...
The surprizing and damnable life, and deserv'd death of Doctor John Faustus. To which is now added, the whole life of Fryar Bacon, the Famous Magician of England, and the Merry Waggeries of his Man Miles. Truly translated from the original copies.
Charit<c3><a9> and Polydorus, a romance. Translated from the French of the Abb<c3><a9> barth<c3><a9>lemy, Author of The Travels of Anacharsis. With an abridgement of the life of the author, by the late Duke of Nivernois.
The history of Eliza Warwick. In two volumes. ...
The history of Eliza Warwick. In two volumes. ...
Albert; or, the wilds of Strathnavern. In four volumes. ... By Elizabeth Helme, ...
Albert; or, the wilds of Strathnavern. In four volumes. ... By Elizabeth Helme, ...
Additional letters of Brutus. Letter X. To the Opposition, - - P. 93 XI. To the Opposition, - - 103 XII. To the Right Hon. C. J. F**, - 107 XIII. To the Right Hon. Lord T******, 114 XIV. To the Right Hon. C. J. F**, - 122 XV. To the M****** of L********, - 132 XVI. To the Right Hon. C. J. F**, - 140.
The runaway; or, the seat of benevolence. A novel. In four volumes. By Mr. Smith. ...
A serious proposal to the ladies, for the advancement of their true and greatest interest. In two parts. By a lover of her sex.
The history of Lady Julia Mandeville. In two volumes. By the translator of Lady Catesby's letters. ...
The adventures of Telemachus, the son of Ulysses, by the Archbishop of Cambray: in French and English. The original carefully printed according to the best editions of France and Holland, and the translation, which is entirely new, revised by Mr Des Maizeaux, F.R.S. ...
The guardian. ...
The widow of the wood.
Clarissa. Or, the history of a young lady: comprehending the most important concerns of private life. In seven volumes. By Mr. Samuel Richardson, ...
Mogul tales, or, the dreams of men awake: being stories told to divert the grief of the Sultana's of Guzarat, for the supposed death of the Sultan. Written in French by the celebrated Mr. Guelletee, ... Now first translated into English. In two volumes; adorned with proper cuts, ... With a preferatory discourse on the usefulness of romances.
The garden of love, and royal flower of fidelity. A pleasant history. Written originally by Mr. John Reynolds; Author of God's Revenge against Murder. Now much amplify'd by several hands.
La belle assembl<c3><a9>e: being a curious collection of some very remarkable incidents which happened to persons of the first quality in France. Interspers'd with Entertaining and Improving Observations made by them on several Passages in History, both Ancient and Modern. Written in French for the Entertainment of the King, and dedicated to him by Madam de Gomez. In four volumes. Adorn'd with copper-plates.
La belle assembl<c3><a9>e: being a curious collection of some very remarkable incidents which happened to persons of the first quality in France. Interspers'd with Entertaining and Improving Observations made by them on several Passages in History, both Ancient and Modern. Written in French for the Entertainment of the King, and dedicated to him by Madam de Gomez. In four volumes. Adorn'd with copper-plates.
The deportment of a married life : laid down in a series of letters, written by the Honourable E- S-, a few years since, to a young lady, her relation, then lately married. Dedicated To The Countess Of Derby.
Anna; or memoirs of a Welch heiress. Interspersed with anecdotes of a nabob. In two volumes. ...
William and Charles: or, the bold adventurers. A novel. In two volumes. Written in Letters and Narrative. By the author of Lord Winworth, Maria Harcourt, Phoebe, &c. &c. ...
The life and perambulation of a mouse. In two volumes ...
Les sens po<c3><ab>me en six chants. Par Mr. de Rozoi.
Fables ancient and modern; translated into verse, from Homer, Ovid, Boccace, and Chaucer: with original poems. By Mr. Dryden.
The citizen, a novel, in two volumes, by Mrs. Gomersall, of Leeds, author of Eleonora. ...
Histoire de Miss Indiana Danby, traduite de L'Anglois. Par M. de L***. G***. Tome Premier.
Oxford jests, refined and enlarged: being a collection of witty jests, merry tales, pleasant jokes. Collected and composed by Captain W. Hicks, native of Oxford.
The history of the tales of the fairies. Newly done from the French. Containing, I: The tale of Graciosa, and Prince Pereinet shewing the Cruelty of a proud Mother-in-Law, to an innocent, dutiful Virgin. II. The blew-bird, and Florina; shewing the Happiness of being good-natur'd in both Sexes. III. Prince Avenant, and the Beauty with Locks of Gold; shewing what Difficulties and Dangers Love will surmount. IV. The king of the peacocks, and the Princess Rosetta; shewing the Vanity of Covetousness, Pride and Envy. V. Prince Nonpariel [sic], and the Princess Brilliant; wherein is shown, that outward Beauty is not the only Object Love delights to dwell in: Vii. The orange-tree, and its beloved Bee, shewing the Happiness of those Lovers who shall find Constancy in Perfection: Dedicated to the ladies of Great-Britain.
The vicar of Wakefield. A tale. Supposed to be written by himself. ...
A companion for the fire-side; or, Winter Evening's Amusement. Containing a curious collection of entertaining and instructive essays, visions, Relations, Stories, Tales, Fables, Allegories, Historical Facts, Eastern Tales, Novels, Remarkable Events, Singular Occurrences, &c. in prose and verse. Selected from the most eminent writers in several languages; together with some curious original storie that never appeared in print before.
The complete London jester, or, wit's companion; containing all the fun and all the humour, ... which has lately flowed from the two universities, ...
Three ingenious Spanish novels: namely, I. The loving revenge: Or, Wit in a Woman. II. The lucky escape: Or, The Jilt Detected. III. The witty extravagant: Or, The Fortunate Lover. Containing, Several Amorous Intrigues, Subtle Plots, and surprizing Turns of Fortune. Written by Don Alouso, Savorsano, a Famous Spanish Nobleman; and rendered into French by one of the most refined Wits of that Nation. Translated with advantage. By a person of quality.
The universal spectator. By Henry Stonecastle, of Northumberland, Esq; ...
Ploutarchou tou Chaironeos ta ethika. Plutarchi ch<c3><a6>ronensis Moralia, id est opera, exceptis vitis, reliqua. Gr<c3><a6>ca emendavit, notationem emendationum, et latinam Xylandri interpretationem castigatam, subjunxit, animadversiones explicandis rebus ac verbis, item indices copiosos, adjecit, Daniel Wyttenbach, Hist. Eloq. Litt. Gr. Et Lat. In Illustri Athen. Amstelod. Professor.
The italian, or the confessional of the black penitents. A romance. By Ann Radcliffe, Author of the Mysteries of Udolpho, &c. &c. In three volumes. ...
The history of Pompey the little: or, the life and adventures of a lap-dog.
James Wallace, a novel, by the author of Mount-Henneth, Barham-Downs, and The fair Syrian. In three volumes. ...
Dame Huddle's letter to Mrs. S-d her landlady, with her Landlady's Answer.
The complete letter writer, or Young secretary's instructor. Containing a great variety of letters on friendship, duty, love, marriage, amusement, business, &c. To which are prefixed, plain instructions for writing letters on all occasions. By H.W. [i.e., W.H]. Dilworth, A.M.
Clarissa, or, the history of a young lady: comprehending the most important concerns of private life. In eight volumes. By Mr. Samuel Richardson, ...
Clarissa, or, the history of a young lady: comprehending the most important concerns of private life. In eight volumes. By Mr. Samuel Richardson, ...
Clarissa, or, the history of a young lady: comprehending the most important concerns of private life. In eight volumes. By Mr. Samuel Richardson, ...
Clarissa, or, the history of a young lady: comprehending the most important concerns of private life. In eight volumes. By Mr. Samuel Richardson, ...
The history of Pompey the little; or, the life and adventures of a lap-dog. By Mr. Coventry. Cooke's edition. Embellished with superb engravings.
Nouveau recueil de pieces choisies des meilleurs auteurs fran<c3><a7>ois, tant en vers qu'en prose. A l'usage des ecoles. Par Arthur Masson, Ma<c3><ae>tre-<c3><a8>s-Arts, et de Langues, <c3><a0> Edinbourg.
The mistakes of the heart: or, memoirs of Lady Carolina Pelham and Lady Victoria Nevil. In a series of letters. Published by M. Treyssac de Vergy, Counsellor in the Parliaments of Paris and Bourdeaux. ...
The Rambler. In four volumes.
\de preclaris mulieribus, that is to say in Englyshe, Of the ryghte renoumyde ladyes\". Translated from \"bocasse\", and Dedicated to King Henry Viii. By ``henry Parcare, Knight, Lord Morley.'' From a Manuscript on Vellum, Which appears to have been the Presentation-Copy to that Monarch."
The Church of Saint Siffrid. In two volumes. By the author of Ned Evans. ...
The Church of Saint Siffrid. In two volumes. By the author of Ned Evans. ...
The select works of T. Smollet, M.D. Containing The adventures of Roderick Random, Peregrine Pickle, Launcelot Greaves, and Expedition of Humphry Clinker. In eight volumes. Revised, corrected, and altered by the author.
Honesty the best policy: or, the history of Roger.
Rural walks: in dialogues. Intended for the use of young persons. By Charlotte Smith. In two volumes. ...
The travels of Lemuel Gulliver, into several remote Nations of the World. Who was first a Surgeon, and then a Captain of several Ships. In four parts. Illustrated with copperplates.
The universal masquerade: or, the world turn'd inside-out. Delineating the virtues and detecting the vices of mankind, From The Court to the Cottage, In all Professions, for the benefit of both sexes. By O. Sedgewick, Gent. ...
English examples to Lily's Grammar-Rules, for children's Latin exercises: with an explanation to each rule. For the use of Eton School. The 4th edition, with an addition of an index. By William Willymot, L L D. Fellow of King's College in Cambridge, and late Master of a Private School at Isleworth in Middlesex.
Histoire de Gil Blas de Santillane. Par M. Le Sage.
Histoire de Gil Blas de Santillane. Par M. Le Sage.
The triumphs of grace; or, the last words and edifying death of the Lady Margaret de la Musse, a noble French lady, who died in May 1681, Aged But Sixteen Years. Englished by P. L.
The Tatler. By Isaac Bickerstaff, Esquire. ...
Secret memoirs and manners of several persons of quality of both sexes. From the new Atalantis, an island in the Mediterranean. In Four Volumes. Written originally in Italian. ...
The adventures of Peregrine Pickle. In which are included, Memoirs of a lady of quality. In four volumes. ...
The fool of quality; or, the history of Henry Earl of Moreland. By Mr Brooke. In five volumes. ...
Persian tales, or the thousand and one days. In two volumes. A new edition, embellished with elegant engravings. ...
Menander and Aurelia: or, the triumph of love, and constancy. A novel. Rarae Aves in terris ------- Enter'd according to the Act of Parliament.
Camilla: or, a picture of youth. By the author of Evelina and Cecilia. In five volumes. ...
Camilla: or, a picture of youth. By the author of Evelina and Cecilia. In five volumes. ...
Elfrida; or, paternal ambition. A novel. In two volumes. By a lady. ...
The toast master, being a genteel collection of sentiments + toasts. ...
Maxims and observations moral and physical: interspersed with characters from the most approved authors.
A father's legacy to his daughters. By the late Dr. Gregory of Edinburgh.
Gesta Romanorum: containing fifty eight remarkable histories, collected originally from the best and most ancient Roman records. With morals and applications, tending to the Suppressing of vice, and the Encouragement of virtue, and the Love of God. By A. B. Adorn'd with a new set of cuts, proper to Illustrate and Explain the Respective Stories. The Story's pleasant, and the Moral good, If read with Care, and rightly understood.
Cyrop<c3><a6>dia: or, the institution of Cyrus. By Xenophon. Translated from the Greek by the Late Honourable Maurice Ashley, Esq; to which is prefixed, a preface, by way of dedication, to the Right Honourable the Lady Elizabeth Harris. ...
Evelina, or the history of a young lady's entrance into the world. By Miss Burney. ...
Memoirs of a woman of pleasure. ...
Theatre of education. Translated from the French of the Countess de Genlis. In four volumes. ...
The daughter: or the history of Miss Emilia Royston, and Miss Harriet Ayres; in a series of letters. By the authoress of The exemplary mother.
The fool of quality, or, the history of Henry Earl of Moreland. In four volumes. ... The second edition. By Mr. Brooke.
Ouvres badines et morales de Mr Cazotte.
Cheap Repository. The two shoemakers.
Filial indiscretions; or, the female chevalier. In three volumes. ...
The selector: being a new and chaste collection of visions, tales, and allegories, calculated for the amusement and instruction of the rising generation.
Anecdotes of the late Samuel Johnson, LL.D. during the last twenty years of his life. By Hesther Lynch Piozzi.
A tale of a tub. Written for the universal improvement of mankind. To which is added, an account of a battel between the antient and modern books in St. James's library.
Constance: a novel. The first literary attempt of a young lady. In four volumes. ...
The history of Sir William Harrington. Written some years since, and revised and corrected by the late Mr Richardson, ... In four volumes. ...
A select collection of novels in six volumes. Written by the most celebrated authors in several languages. Many of which never appear'd in English before; and all new translated from the originals, by several eminent hands.
Friendship in death: in twenty letters from the dead to the living. To which are added, letters moral and entertaining, in prose and verse. In three parts. By Mrs. Elizabeth Rowe. To which is prefixed, an account of the life of the author.
Memoirs of a woman of pleasure. ...
Letters on the most common, as well as important, occasions in life, by Cicero, Pliny, Voiture, Balzac, St. Evremont, Locke, Ld Lansdowne, Temple, Dryden, Garth, Pope, Gay, Swift, Rowe, and other writers of distinguish'd Merit; with many original letters and cards, by the editor. Who has also prefix'd, A Dissertation on the Epistolary Stile; With proper Directions for addressing Persons of Rank and Eminence. For the use of young gentlemen and ladies.
The history of female favourites. Of Mary de Padilla, under Peter the Cruel, King of Castile; Livia, under the Emperor Augustus; Julia Farnesa, under Pope Alexander the Sixth; Agnes Soreau, under Charles Vii. King of France; and Nantilda, under Dagobert, King of France.
The adventures of Peregrine Pickle. In which are included, Memoirs of a lady of quality. By Dr. T. Smollet [sic].
The adventures of Peregrine Pickle. In which are included, Memoirs of a lady of quality. By Dr. T. Smollet [sic].
The adventures of Peregrine Pickle. In which are included, Memoirs of a lady of quality. By Dr. T. Smollet [sic].
The anchoret. A moral tale, in a series of letters. In three volumes.
The anchoret. A moral tale, in a series of letters. In three volumes.
The reflector. A selection of Essays on Various Subjects of Common Life. From original papers. Illustrated with entertaining anecdotes. I love to write, to speak myself as plain As honest Skippen or downright Montaigne. Pope. Difficile est non scribere. Juv. ...
Erasmi Colloquia selecta: or, the select colloquies of Erasmus. With an English translation, as literal as possible, design'd for the use of beginners in the Latin Tongue. The ninth edition. By John Clarke, Author of the Essays upon Education and Study.
Cynthia, with the tragical account of the unfortunate loves of Almerin and Desdemona: being a novel. Illustrated with a variety of the chances of fortune; moralized with many useful observations, whereby the reader may reap both pleasure and profit.
The speaker: or, miscellaneous pieces, selected from the best English writers, and disposed under proper heads, with a view to facilitate the improvement of youth in reading and speaking. To which is prefixed, an essay on elocution. By William Enfield, LL. D. Lecturer on the Belles Lettres in the Academy at Warrington.
Destination: or, memoirs of a private family. By Clara Reeve, ... In three volumes. ...
Destination: or, memoirs of a private family. By Clara Reeve, ... In three volumes. ...
The fool of quality; or, the history of Henry Earl of Moreland. In four volumes. ... By Mr. Brooke.
The fool of quality; or, the history of Henry Earl of Moreland. In four volumes. ... By Mr. Brooke.
The fool of quality; or, the history of Henry Earl of Moreland. In four volumes. ... By Mr. Brooke.
The fool of quality; or, the history of Henry Earl of Moreland. In four volumes. ... By Mr. Brooke.
Letters on different subjects, in four volumes; amongst which are interspers'd the adventures of Alphonso, after the destruction of Lisbon. By the author of The unfortunate mother's advice to her absent daughters. ...
Letters on different subjects, in four volumes; amongst which are interspers'd the adventures of Alphonso, after the destruction of Lisbon. By the author of The unfortunate mother's advice to her absent daughters. ...
The rambler. In four volumes. ...
The rambler. In four volumes. ...
The tatlers. By Isaac Bickerstaff, Esq;
The improvement of time, for the instruction of children.
The governess; or, evening amusements, at a boarding school.
The hermit of Caucasus, an oriental romance. In two volumes. By Joseph Moser, Author of Turkish Tales, &c. &c. ...
The bastard of Normandy, a tale, on the banks of the Seine. In two volumes. By the author of Tancred, a tale of ancient times. ...
The history of Philip Waldegrave. In two volumes. ...
The parliament of criticks, the Menipp<c3><a6>an satyr of Justus Lipsius in a dream; paraphras'd: in a banter upon the criticks of the age.
The compleat tutor. Being the second part to the Child's compleat tutor. Consisting, I. Of Words of Four, Five, Six, and Seven Syllables. II. Tables of the most usual Scripture names, with their Signification. - Of the usual Proper Names of Men and Women, and their Signification. III. Of Letters in general; of Diphthongs Tripthongs, with the Division of Syllables. IV. A Table of Words, the same, or nearly alike in Sound, but different in Sense and Spelling. V. The Use of Stops and Marks in Writing, and a List of Abbrevations, with their Explanations. VI. Treating on Grammar in general. Vii. Of Figures and Numerals. To which is added, select fables in prose and verse. Intended for the use of schools. By John Jones, Usher in Bromsgrove Free-School.
The history of little Goody Two-Shoes; otherwise called Mrs. Margery two-shoes. ...
The lover's week: or, the six days adventures of Philander and Amaryllis. Written by a young lady.
The pleasing companion, a collection of fairy tales, calculated to improve the heart: The Whole Forming A System Of Moral Precepts and Examples, For The Conduct Of Youth through Life: Containing Princess Hebe & Anguiletta Graciosa and Percinet Story of Finetta Princess Carpilona Story of the White Cat Yellow Dwarf Pidgeon and Dove Young and Handsome Ornamented with elegant cuts.
The adventures of Ferdinand Count Fathom. By the author of Roderick Random. In two volumes. ...
A tale of the times. By the author of A gossip's story. Dedicated by Permission to Mrs. Carter. In three volumes. ...
A tale of the times. By the author of A gossip's story. Dedicated by Permission to Mrs. Carter. In three volumes. ...
The adventures of Roderick Random. In two volumes. ...
The polite instructor; or, youth's museum. Consisting of moral essays, tales, fables, visions, and allegories. Selected from the most approved modern authors. With an introduction, containing rules for reading with elegance and propriety. To the whole is added, a collection of letters. With some rules prefixed, useful for supporting a genteel epistolary correspondence.
The expedition of Humphry Clinker. By the author of Roderick Random. In two volumes. ...
Queen Mab; or fairy adventures: being a series of incidents wonderful and surprising: in which are painted the happiness attendant on virtue, and the punishment that necessarily follows vice, illustrated by Example.
Ornatissimus joculator: or, the Compleat Jester. Containing, 1. celebrated jests, 2. merry jokes, 3. witty punns, 4. Notorious Bulls, 5. Pleasant Tales, And 6. Uncommon and Delightful Stories. Accurately collected, and plac'd under their Proper and Distinct Heads. To which is added, Wit's activity display'd: Instructing the meanest Capacity how to perform several Pieces of Art and Ingenuity to the Wonder and Admiration of the Spectators.
Erasmi colloquia selecta: or the select colloquies of Erasmus with an English translation as literal as possible, design'd for the use of beginners in the Latin Tongue. Second edition. By John Clarke, Master of the publick Grammar School in Hull.
The new polite instructor: or, Universal moralist. Consisting of select essays, tales, fables, visions and allegories, for the entertainment and instruction of younger minds. Selected from the most eminent authors.
The history of Sir Roger and his son Joe. In two volumes. ...
Le roi voyageur, ou examen des abus de l'administration de la Lydie. ...
The mad pranks of Tom Tram. Son in law to Mother Winter. To which is added, his merry jests, odd conceits, and pleasant tales being very delightful to read.
Suppl<c3><a9>ment aux r<c3><a9>veries d'un habitant de Lillyput. Traduit du Lillyputien en Francois. Par le Colonel Chev. de Champigny.
The folly of wittless women displayed: or the history of the haveral wives, in this town written by Humphrey Clinker, the clashing wives clerk. Being a comical conference between Maggy and Janet; his two auld aunties.
Theodosius and Arabella, a novel, in a series of letters, by the late Mrs. Hampden Pye. In two volumes. ...
A new introduction to reading: or, a collection of easy lessons, Arranged on an improved Plan; calculated to acquire with ease a theory of speech, and to facilitate the improvement of youth. Designed as an introduction to The speaker. The fourth edition, corrected. Compiled by the publisher.
Biography for boys; or, characteristic histories: calculated to impress the youthful mind with an admiration of virtuous principles, and a detestation of vicious ones. By Mrs. Pilkington.
The voyages and adventures of Captain Robert Boyle, in several parts of the world. Intermix'd with the story of Mrs. Villars, an English lady, with whom he made his surprising escape from Barbary. Likewise including the history of an Italian captive, and the life of Don Pedro Aquilo, &c. Full of various and amazing turns of fortune.
Letters of the late Lord Lyttelton.
Les avantures de Telemaque, fils D'Ulysse. Par Messire Fran<c3><a7>ois de Salignac de la Mothe Fenelon, Precepteur des Enfans de France, & depuis Archeveque-Duc de Cambray, Prince du Saint Empire, &c.
Matilda Fitz-Aubin, a sketch. In two volumes. ...
Moral and critical reflections on several subjects. Among which (by way of illustration) various characters are occasionally interspersed. By the author of Emily; or, the history of a natural daughter.
The beauties of history; or, pictures of virtue and vice: drawn from examples of men eminent for their virtues, or infamous for their vices. Selected for the Instruction and Entertainment of Youth. By the late W. Dodd, LL.D. Considerably enlarged.
Hermione, or the orphan sisters. A novel. In four volumes. ...
A letter to a young gentleman of fortune, just entered at the University.
Memoires de Justine, ou les confessions d'une fille du monde, qui s'est retir<c3><a9>e en province.
Lettres originales de Mirabeau, <c3><a9>crites du donjon de Vincennes, pendant les ann<c3><a9>es 1777, 78, 79 et 80; contenant tous les d<c3><a9>tails sur sa vie priv<c3><a9>e, ses malheurs, et ses amours avec Sophie Ruffei, marquise de Monnier: recueillies par P. Manuel, Citoyen francais.
Miscellanies in prose and verse: selected from Pope, Swift, Addison, Goldsmith, Sterne, Hume, Smollet, Gay, Shenstone, Prior, Murphy, and Brooke. Together with several original pieces never before published.
The famous and delightful history of Fortunatus, And his Two sons: In Two Parts. Part I. Containing an Account of his Noble Birth, Travels and Adventures, in many strange Lands; how he came by a Purse, which always supplied him with store of Mony, and a Writing-hat, that caused him to be in an instant at any Place he desired to be at; how, at his Death, he bequeathed his Purse and Hat to his two Sons; with his pompous Funeral, Monument and Epitaph. Part II. Containing the Travels and Adventures of Andolocia and Ampeda, Fortunatus's two Sons, with their untimely Deaths, Burials and Epitaphs. and many pleasant Stories added, not being in the former Impressions.
The famous history of Valentine and Orson, the two sons of the Emperor of Greece.
Reflections on courtship and marriage: in two letters to a friend. Wherein a practical plan is laid down for observing and securing conjugal felicity. To which is added, A letter to a very young lady on her marriage. By Dr. Swift. Together with two essays on jealousy. By Mr. Addison.
Henry de Beauvais. A novel. In two volumes. ...
The fortunate country maid. Being the entertaining memoirs of the present celebrated Marchioness of L--- V----: who from a cottage, ... became a lady of the first quality in the court of France, ... From the French of the Chevalier de Mouhy. In two volumes. ...
The spectator. ... Carefully corrected.
The spectator. ... Carefully corrected.
The adventures of Sir Launcelot Greaves. By Dr. Smollett. Two volumes in one.
A spelling-Book: wherein the pronunciation and spelling of the English tongue are reduced to a very few principles or general heads. With a preface: Shewing the difference between this performance, and those of the same title hitherto published; and offering some hints concerning a Method of Teaching: and some additional lessons. By John Warden, Teacher of English in Edinburgh.
A guide to the English tongue; in two parts. The First proper for Beginners, shewing a Natural and Easy Method, to pronounce and express both Common Words, and proper Names; in which particular Care is had to shew the Accent, for preventing Vitious Pronounciation. The Second for such as are advanced to some Ripeness of Judgment, containing Observations on the Sounds of Letters and Diphthongs; Rules for the true Division of Syllables, and the Use of Capitals, Stops, and Marks: With large tables of Abbreviations, and Distinctions of Words; and several Alphabets of Copies for young Writers. To which is now added, an appendix, containing many additional Lessons, in Prose and Verse; First, in words of one Syllable only; and then mixed with Words of two, three, four, five, six, and seven Syllables. By T. Dyche, Schoolmaster at Stratford Bow.
Dialogues and letters on morality, oeconomy, and politeness, for the improvement and entertainment of young female minds. By the author of Dialogues on the first principles of religion.
The wonderful life, And most Surprizing adventures, of Robinson Crusoe, Of York, Mariner. Containing a full and particular Account how he lived Eight and Twenty Years in an Uninhabited Island, on the Coast of America; how his Ship was lost in a Storm, and all his Companions drowned; and how he was cast upon the Shore by the Wreck. With a true Relation how he was at last miraculously preserved by Pirates. Faithfully Epitomized front the Three Volumes, and adorn'd with Cuts suited to the most remarkable Stories.
[The eight volumes of letters writ by a Turkish spy, who liv'd five and forty years undiscover'd at Paris: Giving an Impartial Account to the Divan at Constantinople, of the most remarkable Transactions of Europe; And discovering several Intrigues and Secrets of the Christian Courts (especially of that of France) continued from the Year 1673, to the Year 1682. Written originally in Arabick, translated into Italian, from thence into English, by the Translator of the First Volume.
Familiar letters between the principal characters in David Simple, and some others. To which is added, A vision. By the author of David Simple. In two volumes. ...
Familiar letters between the principal characters in David Simple, and some others. To which is added, A vision. By the author of David Simple. In two volumes. ...
A new French spelling-book, in tables from one to eight syllables, with the true English to every word. In the gradual order of teaching, and due orthography; and practical lessons on the foregoing tables; to which are annexed the catechism, and prayers, &c. (proper for schools) intended chiefly for young beginners; Adapted to the meanest Capacities. Approved of by several Eminent Masters, and now published for the use of schools. By Richard Pierce, late master of the Academy in Burlington-Gardens.
The old woman. A novel. In two volumes. By the author of The horrors of Oakendale Abbey. ...
De statu collationis hebraicorum codicum Mstorum veteris testamenti (finito anno 1765) sex abhinc annis institut<c3><a6> a Benjamino Kennicott S. T. P. Regiae Societatis Socio; Et Socio Collegii Exonlensis,
Poems by the Rev. Josiah Relph, of Sebergham. With the life of the author. Third edition, with improvements. Embellished with picturesque engravings on wood, by Mr. T. Bewick, of Newcastle.
An humble tribute to the memory of Mr. Sterne. By a lady.
Memoirs of the Chevalier de **** a novel. Translated from the French.
Fr<c3><a9>d<c3><a9>ric, par J. F. auteur de La dot de Suzette. ...
The sailors. A novel. In two volumes. By the authoress of Count de Santerre, The English nun, and Lindor. ...
Original letters and essays, on a variety of subjects, moral and entertaining. By J. H. Prince, Author of, ``a Defence of the People denominated Methodists:'' and, ``the Christian's Duty to God and the Constitution.''
The three Spaniards, a romance. By George Walker, author of the vagabond, &c. In three volumes. ...
The life, remarkable adventures and pyracies, of the famous Capt. Singleton: Containing An Account of his being set on Shore in the Island of Madagascar, his Settlement there, with a Description of the Place and Inhabitants: Of his Passage from thence, in a Paraguay, to the main Land of Africa, with an Account of the Customs and Manners of the People: His great Deliverances from the barbarous Natives and wild Beasts: Of his meeting with an Englishman, a Citizen of London, among the Indians, the great Riches he acquired, and his Voyage Home to England. As also the Captain's Return to Sea, with an Account of his many Adventures and Pyracies with the famous Captain Avery and others.
The heavenly footman: or a description of the man that gets to heaven: together with the way he runs in, the marks he goes by; And some Directions how to run so as to obtain. By John Bunyan. To which is added, The Life and Death of the said John Bunyan. And also his Last Sermon.
The adventures of Roderick Random. In two volumes. ...
Letters of the Right Honourable Lady M-y W-y M-e: written during her travels in Europe, Asia, and Africa, to Persons of Distinction, Men of Letters, &c. in different Parts of Europe. Which contain, among other curious Relations, accounts of the policy and manners of the turks, drawn from sources that have been inaccessible To other Travellers. In four volumes. ...
Propria quae maribus, quae genus, as in praesenti syntaxis, qui mihi, construed.
The history of Emily Montague. By the author of Lady Julia Mandeville. ...
The holy war, made by Shaddai upon Diabolus; for the regaining of the metropolis of the world; or the losing and taking again of the town of Mansoul. By John Bunyan, Author of the Pilgrim's Progress, 1st and 2d Part. Note, The 3d Part suggested to be his, is an Impostor.
The lucubrations of Isaac Bickerstaff Esq; revised and corrected by the author. ...
The devil upon two sticks in England: being a continuation of Le diable boiteux of Le Sage.
The devil upon two sticks in England: being a continuation of Le diable boiteux of Le Sage.
The Rambler. In four volumes. ...
Eloise de Montblanc. A novel. In four volumes. ...
The tusculan disputations of Marcus Tullius Cicero. In five books. A new translation. By a gentleman.
The beauties of Sterne; including all his pathetic tales, & most distinguished observations on life. Selected for the heart of sensibility.
The beauties of the Rambler, Adventurer, Connoisseur, World, and Idler. In two volumes. ...
The rambler. In four volumes. ...
Celestina. A novel. In four volumes. By Charlotte Smith. ...
The life and death of Mr. Badman. Presented to the world in a familiar dialogue between Mr. Wiseman and Mr. Attentive. By John Bunyan.
The ring, a novel: In a Series of Letters. By a Young Lady. In Three Volumes. ...
The guardian. In two volumes. With a translation of the mottos and quotations, likewise, the authors names of such as are known, prefixed to each number. ...
The lucubrations of Isaac Bickerstaff, Esq; |...
The lucubrations of Isaac Bickerstaff, Esq; |...
A grammar of the Dutch language; by Conradus Schwiers, D.D. Member of the Netherland Society, and Eldest Minister of the Dutch Church of Austin Friars.
Dialogues of the dead; together with some fables, composed for the education of a prince. By the late M. de Fenelon, Preceptor To The Infants Of France, And Afterwards Archbishop-Duke Of Cambray. Newly translated from the French by Mr. Elphingston. ... . Containing The Dialogues Of The Ancients.
The beauties of the Spectators, Tatlers, and Guardians, connected and digested under alphabetical heads. In three volumes. ...
The beauties of the Spectators, Tatlers, and Guardians, connected and digested under alphabetical heads. In three volumes. ...
The adventures of Sir Launcelot Greaves. By the author of Roderick Random.
Fortescue; or, the soldier's reward: a characteristic novel. In one volume.
The destruction of Troy, in three books. The I. shewing the founders and foundation of the said city, with the Causes and manner how it was Sacked, and first destroyed by Hercules. The II. how it was re-edified, and how Hercules slew King Laomedon, and destroyed it the second time: and of Hercules his worthy Deeds, and his Death. The III. how Priamus Son of King Laomedon, re-builded Troy again, more strong than it was before: and for the ravishment of Dame Helen, Wife to King Menelaus of Greece, the said city was utterly destroyed, and Priamus with Hector, and all his Sons Slain. Also mentioning the Rising and Flourishing of divers Kings and Kingdoms, with the decay and overthrow of others. With many Admirable Acts of Chivalry and Martial prowess, effected by Valiant Knights, in the Defence and Love of Distressed Ladies.
Erasmi Colloquia selecta; or, the select colloquies of Erasmus. With an English translation, as literal as possible designed for the use of beginners in the Latin Tongue. The twenty first edition. By John Clarke, Author of the Essays upon Education and Study.
A sentimental journey through France and Italy. By Mr. Yorick. In two volumes. ...
Celenia and Adrastes; with the delightful history of Hyempsal, King of Numidia: an allegorical romance. Wherein are Recited, The most refined Maxims of State-Policy; the surprising Revolutions of Kingdoms; and the just Vengeance attending Evil Ministers. Interspersed with The following Moral and Instructive Incidents viz. 1. Blood and Lust: Or, The Unparallel'd Adulterer. 2. The Beautiful Peasant: or, The Rape of Diana. 3. The Artificial Devil: or, The Taming of a Shrew. 4. Artemora: or, The Fatality of too early Marriages. 5. The Perfidious Servant: or, Treachery Punish'd. 6. Roxana: or, The Lady surrounded by Lovers. 7. The Polite Converts: or, The Generous Instructor. 8. The Lucky Discovery: or, Right will take Place. 9. Royalty Concealed: or, The Faithful shepherdess 10. The Exil'd Nobleman: or, Honour restored. 11. Amphitryo: or, The Usurper's Downfal. 12. Faction disarm'd: or, The Triumphs of Adrastes. In two volumes. ...
Santa-Maria; or the mysterious pregnancy. A romance. In two volumes. By I. Fox. ...
The new history of the Trojan Wars and Troy's destruction. In four books. Containing, I. An Account of the Birth, Life, Death, and Glorious Actions of the Mighty Hercules of Greece. II. The Renowned and Valiant Deeds of the most famous Hector of Troy. III. The Rape of Fair Helen of Greece; together with the last Destruction of Troy, by the Stratagem of the Wooden Horse. IV. The Arrival of Brute in Britain, and how he conquered Albion and his Giants, and built Troynovant, now London. To which is added, The siege of Troy, a tragi-comedy, as it has been often acted with great Applause.
A simple story. In four volumes. By Mrs. Inchbald.
A simple story. In four volumes. By Mrs. Inchbald.
A simple story. In four volumes. By Mrs. Inchbald.
The adventures of Telemachus, the son of Ulysses. Translated from the French of Messire Fran<c3><a7>ois Salignac de la Mothe-F<c3><a9>nelon, Archbishop Of Cambray. By T. Smollett, M. D. ...
The adventures of Telemachus, the son of Ulysses. Translated from the French of Messire Fran<c3><a7>ois Salignac de la Mothe-F<c3><a9>nelon, Archbishop Of Cambray. By T. Smollett, M. D. ...
The history of Emily Montague. By the author of Lady Julia Mandeville. ...
Fashionable involvements: a novel. By Mrs. Gunning in two volumes. ...
The adventures of Telemachus, an epic poem from the French of Fenelon with alterations. By the Revd. Mark Anthony Meilan.
Pamela; or, virtue rewarded. In a series of familiar letters from a beautiful young damsel to her parents. ... In four volumes.
Candidus; or, all for the best. Translated from the French of M. de Voltaire. In two parts.
Idalia: or, the unfortunate mistress. A novel. Part II. and III. Written by Mrs. Eliza Haywood.
The history of Eliza Warwick. In two volumes. ...
The famous history of the valiant London prentice.
The beggar girl and her benefactors. In three volumes. By Mrs. Bennett, ...
The connoisseur. By Mr. Town, critic and censor-general. ...
The works of Lucian, translated from the Greek, by several eminent hands. The First Volume. With the life of Lucian, a discourse on his writings, and a character of some of the present translators. Written by John Dryden, Esq;
The history of Valentine and Orson.
Arpasia; or, the wanderer. A novel. By the author of The nabob. In three volumes. ...
The school of virtue. A novel, on a new plan, inscribed to Her Majesty, by a gentleman of the Temple. In two volumes. ...
The childrens' companion, or, entertaining instructor for the youth of both sexes; designed, to excite attention and inculcate virtue. Selected from the works of Berquin, Genlis, Day, and others.
The man of feeling.
Traits on human woe. By a spectator.
Exempla moralia: or, third book of new English examples, to be rendered into Latin, adapted to the rules of the Latin grammar, lately printed for the use of youth.
Amser, a Diwedd Amser; yn ddau draethawd: Y cyntaf ynghylch Prynnu'r Amser: Yr ail ynghylch Ystyried ein Diwedd. A osodwyd allan gyntaf yn Saesonaeg gan Joan Madyn. Ac a gyfieithiwyd yr awrhon i'r Gymraeg er daioni i'r Cymru.
The monk. A romance. In three volumes. By M. G. Lewis, Esq. M. P. ...
A description of Millenium Hall, and the country adjacent: together with the characters of the inhabitants, and such historical anecdotes and reflections, as may excite in the reader proper sentiments of humanity, and lead the Mind to the Love of Virtue. By a gentleman on his travels.
School occurrences: supposed to have arisen among a set of young ladies, under the tuition of Mrs. Teachwell. And to be recorded by one of them.
The female Spectator. ...
Paradise lost, a poem in twelve books. The author John Milton. According to the author's last edition, in the year 1674.
The idler. By the author of The rambler. In two volumes. ... . the third edition. With additional essays.
The history of Jemmy and Jenny Jessamy. By the author of The history of Betsy Thoughtless. ...
Letters between two lovers and their friends. By the author of Letters supposed to have been written by Yorick and Eliza. In three volumes. ...
Emmeline, the orphan of the castle. By Charlotte Smith. In four volumes. ...
The earl of Douglas, an English story. From the French of the Countess D'Anois. In three volumes. By the translator of Dorval; Observations on the Greeks; Christiana, Queen of Sweden, &c, &c. Vol. I.
The complete letter-writer; or, polite English secretary. Containing, familiar letters on the most common occasions in life. Also a variety of more elegant letters for examples and improvement of style, ... To which is prefix'd a plain and compendious grammer [sic] of th English tongue. ...
Aventures du chevalier des Grieux et de Manon Lescaut. Par Mr. de ***. Auteur des Memoires d'un homme de qualit<c3><a9>.
The rambler. In four volumes. ...
Galat<c3><a9>e, pastorale; imit<c3><a9>e de Cervantes, par M. de Florian.
Love in excess; or the fatal enquiry: a novel. In three parts. By Mrs. Eliza Haywood.
The theory or system of several new inhabited worlds, lately discover'd and pleasantly describ'd: in five nights conversation with Madam the Marchioness of *** Written in French by the famous Mons. Fontanelle. Made English by Mrs. Behn.
Cheap Repository. The history of Hester Wilmot; or, the second part of the Sunday school.
Under the patronage of her grace the duchess of Rutland: Hermitage, a novel, by J. B. Fisher. ...
The hermit. A novel. By a lady. In two volumes. ...
Masquerades; or, what you will. By the author of Eliza Warwick, &c. In four volumes. ...
The two mentors: a modern story. By the author of The old English baron.
Yorick's sentimental journey.
Instructive rambles in London, and the adjacent villages. Designed to amuse the mind, and improve the understanding of youth. By Elizabeth Helme. In two volumes. ...
The new and complete universal letter-writer or, whole art of polite correspondence. Containing a great variety of plain, easy, entertaining, and familiar original letters, ... By Henry Hogg, ...
Arabian nights entertainments: consisting of one thousand and one stories, told by the Sultaness of the Indies, to divert the Sultan from the Execution of a bloody Vow he had made to marry a Lady every Day, and have her cut off next Morning, to avenge himself for the Disloyalty of his first Sultaness, &c. Containing A better Account of the Customs, Manners, and Religion of the Eastern Nations, viz. Tartars, Persians and Indians, than is to be met with in any Author hitherto published. Translated into French from the Arabian Mss. by M. Galland, of the Royal Academy; and now done into English from the last Paris edition. ...
Clarentine. A novel. In two volumes. By Mrs. Bennett. Vol. I.
Clarentine. A novel. In two volumes. By Mrs. Bennett. Vol. I.
The rambler. By Samuel Johnson, L.L.D. In Four Volumes. ...
The complete fabulist: or, a choice collection of moral and entertaining fables, in prose and verse, from the best authors, ancient and modern. Designed for the Instruction of both Sexes, as well as The use of English Schools. Containing 240 Fables, which are nearly as many more than have appeared in any Book on the Subject extant, at the Price. The second edition. By G. Grey, Author of the Epitome of the History of England.
Collection complette des ouvres de M. de Cr<c3><a9>billon le fils. ...
Collection complette des ouvres de M. de Cr<c3><a9>billon le fils. ...
The adventures of Roderick Random. In two volumes. ...
A collection of letters, extracted from the most celebrated French authors. Viz. The Chevalier de M<c3><a9>r<c3><a9>, Boursault, Fontenelle, Balzac, ... Made English by Tamworth Reresby, Esq;
The rambler. In four volumes. ...
The rambler. In four volumes. ...
The adventures of Jerry Buck. By Mr. John Slade.
An abridgement of the new Robinson Crusoe; an instructive and entertaining history, for the use of children of both sexes. Translated from the French. Embellished with thirty-two beautiful cuts.
I diporti di Messer Girolamo Parabosco.
The correspondence of Theodosius and Constantia before and after her taking the veil. Two volumes in one. ... . Cooke's edition. Embellished with superb engravings.
Evelina; or, a young lady's entrance into the world. In two volumes. ...
The scotch marine: or, memoirs of the life of Celestina; a young lady, who secretly deserting her family, spent two years in strict amity, as a man, with her beloved Castor. Containing a relation of the various fortunes she ran with him in that Time, without a Discovery or Suspicion of her Sex. Her Marriage afterwards with Cario, a North-Briton, in New-England; her Voyage with that Gentleman to this Kingdom; and their Adventures here, till their Return to Scotland. Including a great Diversity of surprising Incidents. Printed from the Original Manuscript, for the Justification of her Character. ...
A collection of new songs. Containing. 1. Cymon and Iphigenia. 2. On pleasure's smooth wings, &c. 3. The cuckow's nest. 4. The jest. Num. VIII.
Belisarius. A tale. By M. Marmontel. Member of the French Academy. Cooke's Edition. Embellished with superb engravings.
Ermina; or, the fair recluse. A novel. In a series of letters by a lady, author of Dorinda Calsby [sic], &c. Two volumes. ...
The town and country jester; or, a new fund of genuine wit and good humour. Containing the most complete, rational, merry, diverting, and humourous collection of agreeable entertainment for winter evenings and a leisure Hour, ever before published in the English Language. Among the Originals which chiefly compose this Work, and which are the Productions of the first Geniuses of the present Age, will be found the greatest and best selected Variety of Good Sayings Witty Jests Bon Mots Repartees Jokes Puns Bulls Quibbles Tales Stories Adventures Narrations Anecdotes Waggeries Double Entendics Hob Nobs Whims Frolicks Humbugs Witticisms Fables Smart Observations Ingenious Flights, &c. Likewise excellent Conundrums, Epigrams, Rebusses, Epitaphs, Merry Poems, &c. And a capital List of the best Toasts and Sentiments now used in public and private Companies by Persons of both Sexes. Together with The complete English songster; being a choice collection of all the most esteemed new songs, now Sung at Vauxhall, Ranelagh, the London Theatres, and other Assemblies, throughout the Kingdom.
Rimualdo: or the castle of Badajos. A romance. By W. H. Ireland, author of \the abbess,\" &c.&c. In four volumes. ..."
The younger brother: a novel, in three volumes, written by Mr. Dibdin.
A turd is as good for a sow as a pancake. Or the story of a cock and a bull, calculated for the improvement of the modern wits; wherein the bombast is clearly set forth, with all its dangerous Consequences: Besides an Argument to prove, That no Body ought to appear in the World but him who is the Master of Nonsense. Written by Myself, Esq; Professor of Dulness, and Porter to the Grub-Street-Society.
Dusseldorf; or, the fratricide. A romance. In three volumes. By Anna Maria Mackenzie. ...
Evidences of the kingdom of darkness: being a collection of authentic and entertaining narratives of the real Existence and Appearance of ghosts, demons, and spectres: together with several wonderful instances of the effects of witchcraft. To which is prefixed, an account of haunted houses, and subjoined a Treatise on the Effects of Magic.
A discourse on the use of the pen. Containing observations on writing in general: the proper posture in sitting to write: ... To which are added, two alphabetical sets of copies ... on the rule of life, and moral difinitions [sic]. By William Leekey, writing-master.
Cupid triumphant. Containing several novels, love letters, &c. Relating the history, lives, and amours of several persons of distinction, remarkable for their Beauty, Wit, and Learning. Among which are, those celebrated letters of Abelard and Eloisa. Translated from the French. To which is added, a poem. Extracted out of the above letters. By Mr. Pope. Adorn'd with copper-plate cuts.
English nights entertainments. The Shipwreck; or, History of Paul and Virginia. Written by Bernardin de St. Pierre.
The adventures of Ferdinand Count Fathom. By the author of Roderick Random. In two volumes. ...
Cheap Repository Sorrowful Sam; or, the two blacksmiths.
Paul and Virginia. Translated from the French of Bernardin Saint-Pierre; by Helen Maria Williams, author of letters on the French Revolution, Julia a novel, poems, &c.
The victim of magical delusion; or the mystery of the revolution of P-l. A magico-political tale. Founded on historical facts, and translated from the German of Cajetan Tschink. By P. Will. ...
Herbert, ou adieu richesses, ou les mariages. ...
The history of Miss Charlotte Seymour. In two volumes. ...
Lettres de Madame du Montier recueillies par Madame Le Prince de Beaumont. ...
The life and most surprising adventures of Robinson Crusoe, of York, mariner; who lived eight and twenty years in an uninhabited island on the coast of America, near the mouth of the great river Oroonoque. With an account of his deliverance thence, and his after surprising adventures.
The rambler. By Samuel Johnson, LL.D. ...
The adventurer. ...
The adventurer. ...
Apulejo, dell' asino d'oro, translatato da Messer Agnolo Firenzuola, di latino in lingua Toscana.
The life and most surprising adventures of Robinson Crusoe, Of York, Mariner; Who lived eight and twenty years in an uninhabited Island on the coast of America, near the mouth of the great river Oroonoque. With an account of his deliverance thence, and his after surprising adventures. Adorned with Copper-Plates.
Paradise lost. A poem, in twelve books. The author John Milton. With a critic upon the poem, by Mr Addison; and, a preface, in which are inserted characters of the several poems wrote by Milton.
Fables choisies, a l'usage des enfans, et des autres personnes qui commencent <c3><a0> apprendre la langue fran<c3><a7>oise. Avec un index alphab<c3><a9>tique de tous les Mots traduits en Anglois. Par L. Chambaud.
The rule of life: in select sentences, collected from the greatest authors, antient and modern.
The works of Mrs Elisabeth Rowe. ... . Containing, friendship in death. Letters moral and entertaining, Part I. To which is prefixed, An account of the author's life.
The history of Tom Jones, a foundling. By Henry Fielding, Esqr. In three volumes. ...
Lettres du Marquis de Roselle. Par Madame E. D. B. Premiere Partie.
A gossip's story, By the author of Advantages of education. In two volumes. and a legendary tale. ...
The parent's assistant; or, stories for children. Part. II. ... . Containing, the birth-day present Old Poz. The Mimic.
The life and opinions of Tristram Shandy, gentleman. Vol. IX.
Orthographical exercises: in a series of moral letters. To which is added, a selection of essays, &c. taken from the best English writers. The fourth edition. By James Alderson, Master of the English Academy, Ashford, Kent.
The vicar of Wakefield: a tale. Supposed to be written by himself. Vol. I.
The spectator. Vol. ninth and last.
The tatler. By the Right Honourable Joseph Addison, Esq;
Olivia; or, deserted bride. By the author of Hortensia, The Rambles of Frankly, and The Fashionable Friend. In two volumes. ...
The fables of Ph<c3><a6>drus in Latin and English: the translation as literal as the idioms of the two languages will admit; with large explanatory notes, by Mr. Hoadly, and several other eminent hands. For the use of schools.
The observer: being a collection of moral, literary and familiar essays. The second edition. ...
The guardian. In two volumes. To which is added, a translation of the mottos and quotations: together with the arguments, and writers names of such as are known, prefixed to each paper. Not in any other edition. ...